## Ore Dictionary Info                      ##
##############################################
## In the form:                             ##
## <ore dictionary entry>                   ##
##     <item id registered> - <item damage> ##
##     etc...                               ##
##############################################
adobemix
primal:adobe_clump - 0


animalFur
primal:animal_fur - 0


arilYew
primal:yew_aril - 0


arilYewSeedless
primal:yew_aril_seedless - 0


arrow
minecraft:arrow - 0
minecraft:spectral_arrow - 0
minecraft:tipped_arrow - 0


arrowBitumen
primal:arrow_bitumen - 0


arrowIronwood
primal:arrow_ironwood - 0


arrowParaffin
primal:arrow_paraffin - 0


arrowQuartz
primal:arrow_quartz - 0


arrowRedstone
primal:arrow_torch_redstone - 0


arrowTorch
primal:arrow_torch_wood - 0
primal:arrow_torch_nether - 0


arrowWater
primal:arrow_water - 0


artisansAthame
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_boronnitride - any


artisansBeaker
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_boronnitride - any


artisansBurner
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_boronnitride - any


artisansCarver
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_boronnitride - any


artisansChisel
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_boronnitride - any


artisansCompass
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_boronnitride - any


artisansCutters
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_boronnitride - any


artisansCuttingBoard
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_boronnitride - any


artisansDriver
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_boronnitride - any


artisansFile
artisanworktables:artisans_file_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_boronnitride - any


artisansFramingHammer
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_boronnitride - any


artisansGemCutter
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_boronnitride - any


artisansGrimoire
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_boronnitride - any


artisansGroover
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_boronnitride - any


artisansHammer
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_boronnitride - any


artisansHandsaw
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_boronnitride - any


artisansHatchet
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_boronnitride - any


artisansKnife
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_boronnitride - any


artisansLens
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_boronnitride - any


artisansMortar
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_boronnitride - any


artisansNeedle
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_boronnitride - any


artisansPan
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_boronnitride - any


artisansPencil
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_boronnitride - any


artisansPliers
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_boronnitride - any


artisansPunch
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_boronnitride - any


artisansQuill
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_boronnitride - any


artisansRazor
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_boronnitride - any


artisansShears
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_boronnitride - any


artisansSifter
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_boronnitride - any


artisansSolderer
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_boronnitride - any


artisansSpanner
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_boronnitride - any


artisansTSquare
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_boronnitride - any


artisansToolAluminum
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_aluminum - any


artisansToolBone
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_bone - any


artisansToolBoron
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_boron - any


artisansToolBoronnitride
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_boronnitride - any


artisansToolBronze
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_bronze - any


artisansToolConstantan
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_constantan - any


artisansToolCopper
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_copper - any


artisansToolDiamond
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_diamond - any


artisansToolElectrum
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_electrum - any


artisansToolFlint
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_flint - any


artisansToolGold
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_gold - any


artisansToolHardcarbon
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_hardcarbon - any


artisansToolInvar
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_invar - any


artisansToolIron
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_iron - any


artisansToolLead
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_lead - any


artisansToolNickel
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_nickel - any


artisansToolOsmium
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_osmium - any


artisansToolPlatinum
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_platinum - any


artisansToolSilver
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_silver - any


artisansToolSteel
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_steel - any


artisansToolStone
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_stone - any


artisansToolTin
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_tin - any


artisansToolToughalloy
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_toughalloy - any


artisansToolWood
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_wood - any


artisansTrowel
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_boronnitride - any


ash
primal:ash_wolf - 0
primal:ash_bone - 0
primal:ash_common - 0
primal:ash_yew - 0
primal:ash_ironwood - 0


ashBone
primal:ash_bone - 0


ashCommon
primal:ash_common - 0


ashIronwood
primal:ash_ironwood - 0


ashWolf
primal:ash_wolf - 0


ashWood
primal:ash_yew - 0
primal:ash_ironwood - 0


ashYew
primal:ash_yew - 0


ballmud
primal:mud_clump - 0


barkAcacia
primal:bark_acacia - 0


barkBirch
primal:bark_birch - 0


barkCorypha
primal:bark_corypha - 0


barkDarkOak
primal:bark_bigoak - 0


barkIronwood
primal:bark_ironwood - 0


barkJungle
primal:bark_jungle - 0


barkOak
primal:bark_oak - 0


barkSpruce
primal:bark_spruce - 0


barkWood
primal:bark_oak - 0
primal:bark_spruce - 0
primal:bark_birch - 0
primal:bark_jungle - 0
primal:bark_acacia - 0
primal:bark_bigoak - 0
primal:bark_ironwood - 0
primal:bark_yew - 0
primal:bark_corypha - 0


barkYew
primal:bark_yew - 0


barrel
primal:barrel - any


barrelTrap
primal:barrel_trap - 0


barrelWood
primal:barrel - any


barsIron


bed
minecraft:bed - 0
minecraft:bed - 1
minecraft:bed - 2
minecraft:bed - 3
minecraft:bed - 4
minecraft:bed - 5
minecraft:bed - 6
minecraft:bed - 7
minecraft:bed - 8
minecraft:bed - 9
minecraft:bed - 10
minecraft:bed - 11
minecraft:bed - 12
minecraft:bed - 13
minecraft:bed - 14
minecraft:bed - 15


blockAdamant
primal:metalblock - 5


blockAdobe
primal:adobe_brick - any


blockAluminum
chisel:blockaluminum - 0
chisel:blockaluminum - 1
chisel:blockaluminum - 2
chisel:blockaluminum - 3
chisel:blockaluminum - 4
chisel:blockaluminum - 5
chisel:blockaluminum - 6
primal:metalblock - 13


blockBasalt


blockBone
minecraft:bone_block - 0


blockBrass
primal:metalblock - 12


blockBronze
chisel:blockbronze - 0
chisel:blockbronze - 1
chisel:blockbronze - 2
chisel:blockbronze - 3
chisel:blockbronze - 4
chisel:blockbronze - 5
chisel:blockbronze - 6
primal:metalblock - 11


blockCactus
minecraft:cactus - 0


blockCharcoal
chisel:block_charcoal - 0
chisel:block_charcoal - 1
chisel:block_charcoal - 2
chisel:block_charcoal - 3
chisel:block_charcoal - 4
chisel:block_charcoal - 5
chisel:block_charcoal - 6
chisel:block_charcoal - 7
chisel:block_charcoal - 8
chisel:block_charcoal - 9
chisel:block_charcoal - 10
chisel:block_charcoal - 11
chisel:block_charcoal - 12
chisel:block_charcoal - 13
chisel:block_charcoal - 14
chisel:block_charcoal - 15
chisel:block_charcoal1 - 0
chisel:block_charcoal1 - 1
chisel:block_charcoal1 - 2
chisel:block_charcoal1 - 3
chisel:block_charcoal1 - 4
chisel:block_charcoal1 - 5
chisel:block_charcoal1 - 6
chisel:block_charcoal1 - 7
chisel:block_charcoal1 - 8
chisel:block_charcoal1 - 9
chisel:block_charcoal1 - 10
chisel:block_charcoal1 - 11
chisel:block_charcoal1 - 12
chisel:block_charcoal1 - 13
chisel:block_charcoal1 - 14
chisel:block_charcoal1 - 15
chisel:block_charcoal2 - 0
chisel:block_charcoal2 - 1


blockCinis
primal:cinis_block - any


blockCiniscotta
primal:ciniscotta_block - any


blockCoal
minecraft:coal_block - 0
chisel:block_coal - 0
chisel:block_coal - 1
chisel:block_coal - 2
chisel:block_coal - 3
chisel:block_coal - 4
chisel:block_coal - 5
chisel:block_coal - 6
chisel:block_coal - 7
chisel:block_coal - 8
chisel:block_coal - 9
chisel:block_coal - 10
chisel:block_coal - 11
chisel:block_coal - 12
chisel:block_coal - 13
chisel:block_coal - 14
chisel:block_coal - 15
chisel:block_coal1 - 0
chisel:block_coal1 - 1
chisel:block_coal1 - 2
chisel:block_coal1 - 3
chisel:block_coal1 - 4
chisel:block_coal1 - 5
chisel:block_coal1 - 6
chisel:block_coal1 - 7
chisel:block_coal1 - 8
chisel:block_coal1 - 9
chisel:block_coal1 - 10
chisel:block_coal1 - 11
chisel:block_coal1 - 12
chisel:block_coal1 - 13
chisel:block_coal1 - 14
chisel:block_coal1 - 15
chisel:block_coal2 - 0
chisel:block_coal2 - 1


blockCoalCoke
chisel:block_coal_coke - 0
chisel:block_coal_coke - 1
chisel:block_coal_coke - 2
chisel:block_coal_coke - 3
chisel:block_coal_coke - 4
chisel:block_coal_coke - 5
chisel:block_coal_coke - 6
chisel:block_coal_coke - 7
chisel:block_coal_coke - 8
chisel:block_coal_coke - 9
chisel:block_coal_coke - 10
chisel:block_coal_coke - 11
chisel:block_coal_coke - 12
chisel:block_coal_coke - 13
chisel:block_coal_coke - 14
chisel:block_coal_coke - 15
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 0
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 1
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 2
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 3
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 4
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 5
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 6
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 7
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 8
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 9
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 10
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 11
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 12
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 13
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 14
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 15
chisel:block_coal_coke2 - 0
chisel:block_coal_coke2 - 1


blockCobalt
chisel:blockcobalt - 0
chisel:blockcobalt - 1
chisel:blockcobalt - 2
chisel:blockcobalt - 3
chisel:blockcobalt - 4
chisel:blockcobalt - 5
chisel:blockcobalt - 6


blockCompactRawPorkchop
ichunutil:compact_porkchop - 0


blockConcrete
chisel:concrete_black - 0
chisel:concrete_black - 1
chisel:concrete_black - 2
chisel:concrete_black - 3
chisel:concrete_black - 4
chisel:concrete_black - 5
chisel:concrete_black - 6
chisel:concrete_black - 7
chisel:concrete_black - 8
chisel:concrete_black - 9
chisel:concrete_black - 10
chisel:concrete_black - 11
chisel:concrete_black - 12
chisel:concrete_black - 13
chisel:concrete_black - 14
chisel:concrete_black - 15
chisel:concrete_black1 - 0
chisel:concrete_black1 - 1
chisel:concrete_black1 - 2
chisel:concrete_black1 - 3
chisel:concrete_black1 - 4
chisel:concrete_black1 - 5
chisel:concrete_black1 - 6
chisel:concrete_black1 - 7
chisel:concrete_black1 - 8
chisel:concrete_black1 - 9
chisel:concrete_black1 - 10
chisel:concrete_black1 - 11
chisel:concrete_black1 - 12
chisel:concrete_black1 - 13
chisel:concrete_black1 - 14
chisel:concrete_black1 - 15
chisel:concrete_black2 - 0
chisel:concrete_red - 0
chisel:concrete_red - 1
chisel:concrete_red - 2
chisel:concrete_red - 3
chisel:concrete_red - 4
chisel:concrete_red - 5
chisel:concrete_red - 6
chisel:concrete_red - 7
chisel:concrete_red - 8
chisel:concrete_red - 9
chisel:concrete_red - 10
chisel:concrete_red - 11
chisel:concrete_red - 12
chisel:concrete_red - 13
chisel:concrete_red - 14
chisel:concrete_red - 15
chisel:concrete_red1 - 0
chisel:concrete_red1 - 1
chisel:concrete_red1 - 2
chisel:concrete_red1 - 3
chisel:concrete_red1 - 4
chisel:concrete_red1 - 5
chisel:concrete_red1 - 6
chisel:concrete_red1 - 7
chisel:concrete_red1 - 8
chisel:concrete_red1 - 9
chisel:concrete_red1 - 10
chisel:concrete_red1 - 11
chisel:concrete_red1 - 12
chisel:concrete_red1 - 13
chisel:concrete_red1 - 14
chisel:concrete_red1 - 15
chisel:concrete_red2 - 0
chisel:concrete_green - 0
chisel:concrete_green - 1
chisel:concrete_green - 2
chisel:concrete_green - 3
chisel:concrete_green - 4
chisel:concrete_green - 5
chisel:concrete_green - 6
chisel:concrete_green - 7
chisel:concrete_green - 8
chisel:concrete_green - 9
chisel:concrete_green - 10
chisel:concrete_green - 11
chisel:concrete_green - 12
chisel:concrete_green - 13
chisel:concrete_green - 14
chisel:concrete_green - 15
chisel:concrete_green1 - 0
chisel:concrete_green1 - 1
chisel:concrete_green1 - 2
chisel:concrete_green1 - 3
chisel:concrete_green1 - 4
chisel:concrete_green1 - 5
chisel:concrete_green1 - 6
chisel:concrete_green1 - 7
chisel:concrete_green1 - 8
chisel:concrete_green1 - 9
chisel:concrete_green1 - 10
chisel:concrete_green1 - 11
chisel:concrete_green1 - 12
chisel:concrete_green1 - 13
chisel:concrete_green1 - 14
chisel:concrete_green1 - 15
chisel:concrete_green2 - 0
chisel:concrete_brown - 0
chisel:concrete_brown - 1
chisel:concrete_brown - 2
chisel:concrete_brown - 3
chisel:concrete_brown - 4
chisel:concrete_brown - 5
chisel:concrete_brown - 6
chisel:concrete_brown - 7
chisel:concrete_brown - 8
chisel:concrete_brown - 9
chisel:concrete_brown - 10
chisel:concrete_brown - 11
chisel:concrete_brown - 12
chisel:concrete_brown - 13
chisel:concrete_brown - 14
chisel:concrete_brown - 15
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 0
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 1
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 2
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 3
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 4
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 5
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 6
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 7
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 8
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 9
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 10
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 11
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 12
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 13
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 14
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 15
chisel:concrete_brown2 - 0
chisel:concrete_blue - 0
chisel:concrete_blue - 1
chisel:concrete_blue - 2
chisel:concrete_blue - 3
chisel:concrete_blue - 4
chisel:concrete_blue - 5
chisel:concrete_blue - 6
chisel:concrete_blue - 7
chisel:concrete_blue - 8
chisel:concrete_blue - 9
chisel:concrete_blue - 10
chisel:concrete_blue - 11
chisel:concrete_blue - 12
chisel:concrete_blue - 13
chisel:concrete_blue - 14
chisel:concrete_blue - 15
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 0
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 1
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 2
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 3
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 4
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 5
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 6
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 7
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 8
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 9
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 10
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 11
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 12
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 13
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 14
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 15
chisel:concrete_blue2 - 0
chisel:concrete_purple - 0
chisel:concrete_purple - 1
chisel:concrete_purple - 2
chisel:concrete_purple - 3
chisel:concrete_purple - 4
chisel:concrete_purple - 5
chisel:concrete_purple - 6
chisel:concrete_purple - 7
chisel:concrete_purple - 8
chisel:concrete_purple - 9
chisel:concrete_purple - 10
chisel:concrete_purple - 11
chisel:concrete_purple - 12
chisel:concrete_purple - 13
chisel:concrete_purple - 14
chisel:concrete_purple - 15
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 0
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 1
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 2
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 3
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 4
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 5
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 6
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 7
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 8
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 9
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 10
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 11
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 12
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 13
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 14
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 15
chisel:concrete_purple2 - 0
chisel:concrete_cyan - 0
chisel:concrete_cyan - 1
chisel:concrete_cyan - 2
chisel:concrete_cyan - 3
chisel:concrete_cyan - 4
chisel:concrete_cyan - 5
chisel:concrete_cyan - 6
chisel:concrete_cyan - 7
chisel:concrete_cyan - 8
chisel:concrete_cyan - 9
chisel:concrete_cyan - 10
chisel:concrete_cyan - 11
chisel:concrete_cyan - 12
chisel:concrete_cyan - 13
chisel:concrete_cyan - 14
chisel:concrete_cyan - 15
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 0
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 1
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 2
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 3
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 4
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 5
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 6
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 7
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 8
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 9
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 10
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 11
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 12
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 13
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 14
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 15
chisel:concrete_cyan2 - 0
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 0
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 1
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 2
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 3
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 4
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 5
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 6
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 7
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 8
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 9
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 10
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 11
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 12
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 13
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 14
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 15
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 0
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 1
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 2
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 3
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 4
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 5
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 6
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 7
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 8
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 9
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 10
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 11
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 12
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 13
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 14
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 15
chisel:concrete_lightgray2 - 0
chisel:concrete_gray - 0
chisel:concrete_gray - 1
chisel:concrete_gray - 2
chisel:concrete_gray - 3
chisel:concrete_gray - 4
chisel:concrete_gray - 5
chisel:concrete_gray - 6
chisel:concrete_gray - 7
chisel:concrete_gray - 8
chisel:concrete_gray - 9
chisel:concrete_gray - 10
chisel:concrete_gray - 11
chisel:concrete_gray - 12
chisel:concrete_gray - 13
chisel:concrete_gray - 14
chisel:concrete_gray - 15
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 0
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 1
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 2
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 3
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 4
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 5
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 6
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 7
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 8
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 9
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 10
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 11
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 12
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 13
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 14
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 15
chisel:concrete_gray2 - 0
chisel:concrete_pink - 0
chisel:concrete_pink - 1
chisel:concrete_pink - 2
chisel:concrete_pink - 3
chisel:concrete_pink - 4
chisel:concrete_pink - 5
chisel:concrete_pink - 6
chisel:concrete_pink - 7
chisel:concrete_pink - 8
chisel:concrete_pink - 9
chisel:concrete_pink - 10
chisel:concrete_pink - 11
chisel:concrete_pink - 12
chisel:concrete_pink - 13
chisel:concrete_pink - 14
chisel:concrete_pink - 15
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 0
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 1
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 2
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 3
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 4
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 5
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 6
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 7
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 8
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 9
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 10
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 11
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 12
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 13
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 14
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 15
chisel:concrete_pink2 - 0
chisel:concrete_lime - 0
chisel:concrete_lime - 1
chisel:concrete_lime - 2
chisel:concrete_lime - 3
chisel:concrete_lime - 4
chisel:concrete_lime - 5
chisel:concrete_lime - 6
chisel:concrete_lime - 7
chisel:concrete_lime - 8
chisel:concrete_lime - 9
chisel:concrete_lime - 10
chisel:concrete_lime - 11
chisel:concrete_lime - 12
chisel:concrete_lime - 13
chisel:concrete_lime - 14
chisel:concrete_lime - 15
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 0
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 1
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 2
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 3
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 4
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 5
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 6
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 7
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 8
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 9
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 10
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 11
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 12
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 13
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 14
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 15
chisel:concrete_lime2 - 0
chisel:concrete_yellow - 0
chisel:concrete_yellow - 1
chisel:concrete_yellow - 2
chisel:concrete_yellow - 3
chisel:concrete_yellow - 4
chisel:concrete_yellow - 5
chisel:concrete_yellow - 6
chisel:concrete_yellow - 7
chisel:concrete_yellow - 8
chisel:concrete_yellow - 9
chisel:concrete_yellow - 10
chisel:concrete_yellow - 11
chisel:concrete_yellow - 12
chisel:concrete_yellow - 13
chisel:concrete_yellow - 14
chisel:concrete_yellow - 15
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 0
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 1
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 2
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 3
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 4
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 5
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 6
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 7
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 8
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 9
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 10
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 11
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 12
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 13
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 14
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 15
chisel:concrete_yellow2 - 0
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 0
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 1
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 2
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 3
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 4
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 5
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 6
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 7
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 8
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 9
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 10
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 11
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 12
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 13
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 14
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 15
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 0
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 1
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 2
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 3
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 4
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 5
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 6
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 7
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 8
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 9
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 10
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 11
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 12
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 13
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 14
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 15
chisel:concrete_lightblue2 - 0
chisel:concrete_magenta - 0
chisel:concrete_magenta - 1
chisel:concrete_magenta - 2
chisel:concrete_magenta - 3
chisel:concrete_magenta - 4
chisel:concrete_magenta - 5
chisel:concrete_magenta - 6
chisel:concrete_magenta - 7
chisel:concrete_magenta - 8
chisel:concrete_magenta - 9
chisel:concrete_magenta - 10
chisel:concrete_magenta - 11
chisel:concrete_magenta - 12
chisel:concrete_magenta - 13
chisel:concrete_magenta - 14
chisel:concrete_magenta - 15
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 0
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 1
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 2
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 3
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 4
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 5
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 6
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 7
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 8
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 9
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 10
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 11
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 12
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 13
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 14
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 15
chisel:concrete_magenta2 - 0
chisel:concrete_orange - 0
chisel:concrete_orange - 1
chisel:concrete_orange - 2
chisel:concrete_orange - 3
chisel:concrete_orange - 4
chisel:concrete_orange - 5
chisel:concrete_orange - 6
chisel:concrete_orange - 7
chisel:concrete_orange - 8
chisel:concrete_orange - 9
chisel:concrete_orange - 10
chisel:concrete_orange - 11
chisel:concrete_orange - 12
chisel:concrete_orange - 13
chisel:concrete_orange - 14
chisel:concrete_orange - 15
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 0
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 1
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 2
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 3
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 4
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 5
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 6
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 7
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 8
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 9
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 10
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 11
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 12
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 13
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 14
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 15
chisel:concrete_orange2 - 0
chisel:concrete_white - 0
chisel:concrete_white - 1
chisel:concrete_white - 2
chisel:concrete_white - 3
chisel:concrete_white - 4
chisel:concrete_white - 5
chisel:concrete_white - 6
chisel:concrete_white - 7
chisel:concrete_white - 8
chisel:concrete_white - 9
chisel:concrete_white - 10
chisel:concrete_white - 11
chisel:concrete_white - 12
chisel:concrete_white - 13
chisel:concrete_white - 14
chisel:concrete_white - 15
chisel:concrete_white1 - 0
chisel:concrete_white1 - 1
chisel:concrete_white1 - 2
chisel:concrete_white1 - 3
chisel:concrete_white1 - 4
chisel:concrete_white1 - 5
chisel:concrete_white1 - 6
chisel:concrete_white1 - 7
chisel:concrete_white1 - 8
chisel:concrete_white1 - 9
chisel:concrete_white1 - 10
chisel:concrete_white1 - 11
chisel:concrete_white1 - 12
chisel:concrete_white1 - 13
chisel:concrete_white1 - 14
chisel:concrete_white1 - 15
chisel:concrete_white2 - 0


blockConcreteBlack
chisel:concrete_black - 0
chisel:concrete_black - 1
chisel:concrete_black - 2
chisel:concrete_black - 3
chisel:concrete_black - 4
chisel:concrete_black - 5
chisel:concrete_black - 6
chisel:concrete_black - 7
chisel:concrete_black - 8
chisel:concrete_black - 9
chisel:concrete_black - 10
chisel:concrete_black - 11
chisel:concrete_black - 12
chisel:concrete_black - 13
chisel:concrete_black - 14
chisel:concrete_black - 15
chisel:concrete_black1 - 0
chisel:concrete_black1 - 1
chisel:concrete_black1 - 2
chisel:concrete_black1 - 3
chisel:concrete_black1 - 4
chisel:concrete_black1 - 5
chisel:concrete_black1 - 6
chisel:concrete_black1 - 7
chisel:concrete_black1 - 8
chisel:concrete_black1 - 9
chisel:concrete_black1 - 10
chisel:concrete_black1 - 11
chisel:concrete_black1 - 12
chisel:concrete_black1 - 13
chisel:concrete_black1 - 14
chisel:concrete_black1 - 15
chisel:concrete_black2 - 0


blockConcreteBlue
chisel:concrete_blue - 0
chisel:concrete_blue - 1
chisel:concrete_blue - 2
chisel:concrete_blue - 3
chisel:concrete_blue - 4
chisel:concrete_blue - 5
chisel:concrete_blue - 6
chisel:concrete_blue - 7
chisel:concrete_blue - 8
chisel:concrete_blue - 9
chisel:concrete_blue - 10
chisel:concrete_blue - 11
chisel:concrete_blue - 12
chisel:concrete_blue - 13
chisel:concrete_blue - 14
chisel:concrete_blue - 15
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 0
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 1
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 2
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 3
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 4
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 5
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 6
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 7
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 8
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 9
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 10
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 11
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 12
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 13
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 14
chisel:concrete_blue1 - 15
chisel:concrete_blue2 - 0


blockConcreteBrown
chisel:concrete_brown - 0
chisel:concrete_brown - 1
chisel:concrete_brown - 2
chisel:concrete_brown - 3
chisel:concrete_brown - 4
chisel:concrete_brown - 5
chisel:concrete_brown - 6
chisel:concrete_brown - 7
chisel:concrete_brown - 8
chisel:concrete_brown - 9
chisel:concrete_brown - 10
chisel:concrete_brown - 11
chisel:concrete_brown - 12
chisel:concrete_brown - 13
chisel:concrete_brown - 14
chisel:concrete_brown - 15
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 0
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 1
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 2
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 3
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 4
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 5
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 6
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 7
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 8
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 9
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 10
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 11
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 12
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 13
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 14
chisel:concrete_brown1 - 15
chisel:concrete_brown2 - 0


blockConcreteCyan
chisel:concrete_cyan - 0
chisel:concrete_cyan - 1
chisel:concrete_cyan - 2
chisel:concrete_cyan - 3
chisel:concrete_cyan - 4
chisel:concrete_cyan - 5
chisel:concrete_cyan - 6
chisel:concrete_cyan - 7
chisel:concrete_cyan - 8
chisel:concrete_cyan - 9
chisel:concrete_cyan - 10
chisel:concrete_cyan - 11
chisel:concrete_cyan - 12
chisel:concrete_cyan - 13
chisel:concrete_cyan - 14
chisel:concrete_cyan - 15
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 0
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 1
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 2
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 3
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 4
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 5
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 6
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 7
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 8
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 9
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 10
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 11
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 12
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 13
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 14
chisel:concrete_cyan1 - 15
chisel:concrete_cyan2 - 0


blockConcreteGray
chisel:concrete_gray - 0
chisel:concrete_gray - 1
chisel:concrete_gray - 2
chisel:concrete_gray - 3
chisel:concrete_gray - 4
chisel:concrete_gray - 5
chisel:concrete_gray - 6
chisel:concrete_gray - 7
chisel:concrete_gray - 8
chisel:concrete_gray - 9
chisel:concrete_gray - 10
chisel:concrete_gray - 11
chisel:concrete_gray - 12
chisel:concrete_gray - 13
chisel:concrete_gray - 14
chisel:concrete_gray - 15
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 0
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 1
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 2
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 3
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 4
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 5
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 6
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 7
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 8
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 9
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 10
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 11
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 12
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 13
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 14
chisel:concrete_gray1 - 15
chisel:concrete_gray2 - 0


blockConcreteGreen
chisel:concrete_green - 0
chisel:concrete_green - 1
chisel:concrete_green - 2
chisel:concrete_green - 3
chisel:concrete_green - 4
chisel:concrete_green - 5
chisel:concrete_green - 6
chisel:concrete_green - 7
chisel:concrete_green - 8
chisel:concrete_green - 9
chisel:concrete_green - 10
chisel:concrete_green - 11
chisel:concrete_green - 12
chisel:concrete_green - 13
chisel:concrete_green - 14
chisel:concrete_green - 15
chisel:concrete_green1 - 0
chisel:concrete_green1 - 1
chisel:concrete_green1 - 2
chisel:concrete_green1 - 3
chisel:concrete_green1 - 4
chisel:concrete_green1 - 5
chisel:concrete_green1 - 6
chisel:concrete_green1 - 7
chisel:concrete_green1 - 8
chisel:concrete_green1 - 9
chisel:concrete_green1 - 10
chisel:concrete_green1 - 11
chisel:concrete_green1 - 12
chisel:concrete_green1 - 13
chisel:concrete_green1 - 14
chisel:concrete_green1 - 15
chisel:concrete_green2 - 0


blockConcreteLightBlue
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 0
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 1
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 2
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 3
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 4
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 5
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 6
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 7
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 8
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 9
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 10
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 11
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 12
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 13
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 14
chisel:concrete_lightblue - 15
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 0
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 1
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 2
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 3
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 4
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 5
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 6
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 7
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 8
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 9
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 10
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 11
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 12
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 13
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 14
chisel:concrete_lightblue1 - 15
chisel:concrete_lightblue2 - 0


blockConcreteLightGray
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 0
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 1
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 2
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 3
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 4
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 5
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 6
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 7
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 8
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 9
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 10
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 11
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 12
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 13
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 14
chisel:concrete_lightgray - 15
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 0
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 1
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 2
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 3
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 4
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 5
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 6
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 7
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 8
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 9
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 10
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 11
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 12
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 13
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 14
chisel:concrete_lightgray1 - 15
chisel:concrete_lightgray2 - 0


blockConcreteLime
chisel:concrete_lime - 0
chisel:concrete_lime - 1
chisel:concrete_lime - 2
chisel:concrete_lime - 3
chisel:concrete_lime - 4
chisel:concrete_lime - 5
chisel:concrete_lime - 6
chisel:concrete_lime - 7
chisel:concrete_lime - 8
chisel:concrete_lime - 9
chisel:concrete_lime - 10
chisel:concrete_lime - 11
chisel:concrete_lime - 12
chisel:concrete_lime - 13
chisel:concrete_lime - 14
chisel:concrete_lime - 15
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 0
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 1
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 2
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 3
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 4
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 5
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 6
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 7
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 8
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 9
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 10
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 11
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 12
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 13
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 14
chisel:concrete_lime1 - 15
chisel:concrete_lime2 - 0


blockConcreteMagenta
chisel:concrete_magenta - 0
chisel:concrete_magenta - 1
chisel:concrete_magenta - 2
chisel:concrete_magenta - 3
chisel:concrete_magenta - 4
chisel:concrete_magenta - 5
chisel:concrete_magenta - 6
chisel:concrete_magenta - 7
chisel:concrete_magenta - 8
chisel:concrete_magenta - 9
chisel:concrete_magenta - 10
chisel:concrete_magenta - 11
chisel:concrete_magenta - 12
chisel:concrete_magenta - 13
chisel:concrete_magenta - 14
chisel:concrete_magenta - 15
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 0
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 1
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 2
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 3
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 4
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 5
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 6
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 7
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 8
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 9
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 10
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 11
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 12
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 13
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 14
chisel:concrete_magenta1 - 15
chisel:concrete_magenta2 - 0


blockConcreteOrange
chisel:concrete_orange - 0
chisel:concrete_orange - 1
chisel:concrete_orange - 2
chisel:concrete_orange - 3
chisel:concrete_orange - 4
chisel:concrete_orange - 5
chisel:concrete_orange - 6
chisel:concrete_orange - 7
chisel:concrete_orange - 8
chisel:concrete_orange - 9
chisel:concrete_orange - 10
chisel:concrete_orange - 11
chisel:concrete_orange - 12
chisel:concrete_orange - 13
chisel:concrete_orange - 14
chisel:concrete_orange - 15
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 0
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 1
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 2
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 3
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 4
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 5
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 6
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 7
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 8
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 9
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 10
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 11
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 12
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 13
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 14
chisel:concrete_orange1 - 15
chisel:concrete_orange2 - 0


blockConcretePink
chisel:concrete_pink - 0
chisel:concrete_pink - 1
chisel:concrete_pink - 2
chisel:concrete_pink - 3
chisel:concrete_pink - 4
chisel:concrete_pink - 5
chisel:concrete_pink - 6
chisel:concrete_pink - 7
chisel:concrete_pink - 8
chisel:concrete_pink - 9
chisel:concrete_pink - 10
chisel:concrete_pink - 11
chisel:concrete_pink - 12
chisel:concrete_pink - 13
chisel:concrete_pink - 14
chisel:concrete_pink - 15
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 0
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 1
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 2
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 3
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 4
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 5
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 6
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 7
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 8
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 9
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 10
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 11
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 12
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 13
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 14
chisel:concrete_pink1 - 15
chisel:concrete_pink2 - 0


blockConcretePurple
chisel:concrete_purple - 0
chisel:concrete_purple - 1
chisel:concrete_purple - 2
chisel:concrete_purple - 3
chisel:concrete_purple - 4
chisel:concrete_purple - 5
chisel:concrete_purple - 6
chisel:concrete_purple - 7
chisel:concrete_purple - 8
chisel:concrete_purple - 9
chisel:concrete_purple - 10
chisel:concrete_purple - 11
chisel:concrete_purple - 12
chisel:concrete_purple - 13
chisel:concrete_purple - 14
chisel:concrete_purple - 15
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 0
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 1
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 2
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 3
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 4
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 5
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 6
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 7
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 8
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 9
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 10
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 11
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 12
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 13
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 14
chisel:concrete_purple1 - 15
chisel:concrete_purple2 - 0


blockConcreteRed
chisel:concrete_red - 0
chisel:concrete_red - 1
chisel:concrete_red - 2
chisel:concrete_red - 3
chisel:concrete_red - 4
chisel:concrete_red - 5
chisel:concrete_red - 6
chisel:concrete_red - 7
chisel:concrete_red - 8
chisel:concrete_red - 9
chisel:concrete_red - 10
chisel:concrete_red - 11
chisel:concrete_red - 12
chisel:concrete_red - 13
chisel:concrete_red - 14
chisel:concrete_red - 15
chisel:concrete_red1 - 0
chisel:concrete_red1 - 1
chisel:concrete_red1 - 2
chisel:concrete_red1 - 3
chisel:concrete_red1 - 4
chisel:concrete_red1 - 5
chisel:concrete_red1 - 6
chisel:concrete_red1 - 7
chisel:concrete_red1 - 8
chisel:concrete_red1 - 9
chisel:concrete_red1 - 10
chisel:concrete_red1 - 11
chisel:concrete_red1 - 12
chisel:concrete_red1 - 13
chisel:concrete_red1 - 14
chisel:concrete_red1 - 15
chisel:concrete_red2 - 0


blockConcreteWhite
chisel:concrete_white - 0
chisel:concrete_white - 1
chisel:concrete_white - 2
chisel:concrete_white - 3
chisel:concrete_white - 4
chisel:concrete_white - 5
chisel:concrete_white - 6
chisel:concrete_white - 7
chisel:concrete_white - 8
chisel:concrete_white - 9
chisel:concrete_white - 10
chisel:concrete_white - 11
chisel:concrete_white - 12
chisel:concrete_white - 13
chisel:concrete_white - 14
chisel:concrete_white - 15
chisel:concrete_white1 - 0
chisel:concrete_white1 - 1
chisel:concrete_white1 - 2
chisel:concrete_white1 - 3
chisel:concrete_white1 - 4
chisel:concrete_white1 - 5
chisel:concrete_white1 - 6
chisel:concrete_white1 - 7
chisel:concrete_white1 - 8
chisel:concrete_white1 - 9
chisel:concrete_white1 - 10
chisel:concrete_white1 - 11
chisel:concrete_white1 - 12
chisel:concrete_white1 - 13
chisel:concrete_white1 - 14
chisel:concrete_white1 - 15
chisel:concrete_white2 - 0


blockConcreteYellow
chisel:concrete_yellow - 0
chisel:concrete_yellow - 1
chisel:concrete_yellow - 2
chisel:concrete_yellow - 3
chisel:concrete_yellow - 4
chisel:concrete_yellow - 5
chisel:concrete_yellow - 6
chisel:concrete_yellow - 7
chisel:concrete_yellow - 8
chisel:concrete_yellow - 9
chisel:concrete_yellow - 10
chisel:concrete_yellow - 11
chisel:concrete_yellow - 12
chisel:concrete_yellow - 13
chisel:concrete_yellow - 14
chisel:concrete_yellow - 15
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 0
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 1
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 2
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 3
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 4
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 5
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 6
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 7
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 8
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 9
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 10
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 11
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 12
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 13
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 14
chisel:concrete_yellow1 - 15
chisel:concrete_yellow2 - 0


blockCopper
chisel:blockcopper - 0
chisel:blockcopper - 1
chisel:blockcopper - 2
chisel:blockcopper - 3
chisel:blockcopper - 4
chisel:blockcopper - 5
chisel:blockcopper - 6
primal:metalblock - 10


blockCrudeIron
primal:metalblock - 0


blockDiamond
minecraft:diamond_block - 0
chisel:diamond - 0
chisel:diamond - 1
chisel:diamond - 2
chisel:diamond - 3
chisel:diamond - 4
chisel:diamond - 5
chisel:diamond - 6
chisel:diamond - 7
chisel:diamond - 8
chisel:diamond - 9
chisel:diamond - 10
chisel:diamond - 11


blockDrain
primal:drain_carbonate_flag - any
primal:drain_ferro_flag - any
primal:drain_thatch - any
primal:drain_stonebrick - any
primal:drain_netherstone - any
primal:drain_scoria - any
primal:drain_nether_earth - any
primal:drain_mud - any
primal:drain_schist_green - any
primal:drain_ciniscotta - any


blockElectrum
chisel:blockelectrum - 0
chisel:blockelectrum - 1
chisel:blockelectrum - 2
chisel:blockelectrum - 3
chisel:blockelectrum - 4
chisel:blockelectrum - 5
chisel:blockelectrum - 6


blockEmerald
minecraft:emerald_block - 0
chisel:emerald - 0
chisel:emerald - 1
chisel:emerald - 2
chisel:emerald - 3
chisel:emerald - 4
chisel:emerald - 5
chisel:emerald - 6
chisel:emerald - 7
chisel:emerald - 8
chisel:emerald - 9
chisel:emerald - 10
chisel:emerald - 11
chisel:emerald - 12
chisel:emerald - 13


blockFuel
primal:calcified_paraffin - any


blockFuelCoke
chisel:block_coal_coke - 0
chisel:block_coal_coke - 1
chisel:block_coal_coke - 2
chisel:block_coal_coke - 3
chisel:block_coal_coke - 4
chisel:block_coal_coke - 5
chisel:block_coal_coke - 6
chisel:block_coal_coke - 7
chisel:block_coal_coke - 8
chisel:block_coal_coke - 9
chisel:block_coal_coke - 10
chisel:block_coal_coke - 11
chisel:block_coal_coke - 12
chisel:block_coal_coke - 13
chisel:block_coal_coke - 14
chisel:block_coal_coke - 15
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 0
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 1
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 2
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 3
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 4
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 5
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 6
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 7
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 8
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 9
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 10
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 11
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 12
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 13
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 14
chisel:block_coal_coke1 - 15
chisel:block_coal_coke2 - 0
chisel:block_coal_coke2 - 1


blockGlass
minecraft:glass - 0
minecraft:stained_glass - any
chisel:glass - 0
chisel:glass - 1
chisel:glass - 2
chisel:glass - 3
chisel:glass - 4
chisel:glass - 5
chisel:glass - 6
chisel:glass - 7
chisel:glass - 8
chisel:glass - 9
chisel:glass - 10
chisel:glass - 11
chisel:glass - 12
chisel:glass - 13
chisel:glass - 14
chisel:glass - 15
chisel:glass1 - 0
chisel:glass1 - 1
chisel:glassdyedblack - 0
chisel:glassdyedblack - 1
chisel:glassdyedblack - 2
chisel:glassdyedblack - 3
chisel:glassdyedblack - 4
chisel:glassdyedblack - 5
chisel:glassdyedred - 0
chisel:glassdyedred - 1
chisel:glassdyedred - 2
chisel:glassdyedred - 3
chisel:glassdyedred - 4
chisel:glassdyedred - 5
chisel:glassdyedgreen - 0
chisel:glassdyedgreen - 1
chisel:glassdyedgreen - 2
chisel:glassdyedgreen - 3
chisel:glassdyedgreen - 4
chisel:glassdyedgreen - 5
chisel:glassdyedbrown - 0
chisel:glassdyedbrown - 1
chisel:glassdyedbrown - 2
chisel:glassdyedbrown - 3
chisel:glassdyedbrown - 4
chisel:glassdyedbrown - 5
chisel:glassdyedblue - 0
chisel:glassdyedblue - 1
chisel:glassdyedblue - 2
chisel:glassdyedblue - 3
chisel:glassdyedblue - 4
chisel:glassdyedblue - 5
chisel:glassdyedpurple - 0
chisel:glassdyedpurple - 1
chisel:glassdyedpurple - 2
chisel:glassdyedpurple - 3
chisel:glassdyedpurple - 4
chisel:glassdyedpurple - 5
chisel:glassdyedcyan - 0
chisel:glassdyedcyan - 1
chisel:glassdyedcyan - 2
chisel:glassdyedcyan - 3
chisel:glassdyedcyan - 4
chisel:glassdyedcyan - 5
chisel:glassdyedlightgray - 0
chisel:glassdyedlightgray - 1
chisel:glassdyedlightgray - 2
chisel:glassdyedlightgray - 3
chisel:glassdyedlightgray - 4
chisel:glassdyedlightgray - 5
chisel:glassdyedgray - 0
chisel:glassdyedgray - 1
chisel:glassdyedgray - 2
chisel:glassdyedgray - 3
chisel:glassdyedgray - 4
chisel:glassdyedgray - 5
chisel:glassdyedpink - 0
chisel:glassdyedpink - 1
chisel:glassdyedpink - 2
chisel:glassdyedpink - 3
chisel:glassdyedpink - 4
chisel:glassdyedpink - 5
chisel:glassdyedlime - 0
chisel:glassdyedlime - 1
chisel:glassdyedlime - 2
chisel:glassdyedlime - 3
chisel:glassdyedlime - 4
chisel:glassdyedlime - 5
chisel:glassdyedyellow - 0
chisel:glassdyedyellow - 1
chisel:glassdyedyellow - 2
chisel:glassdyedyellow - 3
chisel:glassdyedyellow - 4
chisel:glassdyedyellow - 5
chisel:glassdyedlightblue - 0
chisel:glassdyedlightblue - 1
chisel:glassdyedlightblue - 2
chisel:glassdyedlightblue - 3
chisel:glassdyedlightblue - 4
chisel:glassdyedlightblue - 5
chisel:glassdyedmagenta - 0
chisel:glassdyedmagenta - 1
chisel:glassdyedmagenta - 2
chisel:glassdyedmagenta - 3
chisel:glassdyedmagenta - 4
chisel:glassdyedmagenta - 5
chisel:glassdyedorange - 0
chisel:glassdyedorange - 1
chisel:glassdyedorange - 2
chisel:glassdyedorange - 3
chisel:glassdyedorange - 4
chisel:glassdyedorange - 5
chisel:glassdyedwhite - 0
chisel:glassdyedwhite - 1
chisel:glassdyedwhite - 2
chisel:glassdyedwhite - 3
chisel:glassdyedwhite - 4
chisel:glassdyedwhite - 5
primal:soulglass - any
primal:ironglass - any
primal:obsidian_transparent - any


blockGlassBlack
minecraft:stained_glass - 15
chisel:glassdyedblack - 0
chisel:glassdyedblack - 1
chisel:glassdyedblack - 2
chisel:glassdyedblack - 3
chisel:glassdyedblack - 4
chisel:glassdyedblack - 5


blockGlassBlue
minecraft:stained_glass - 11
chisel:glassdyedblue - 0
chisel:glassdyedblue - 1
chisel:glassdyedblue - 2
chisel:glassdyedblue - 3
chisel:glassdyedblue - 4
chisel:glassdyedblue - 5


blockGlassBrown
minecraft:stained_glass - 12
chisel:glassdyedbrown - 0
chisel:glassdyedbrown - 1
chisel:glassdyedbrown - 2
chisel:glassdyedbrown - 3
chisel:glassdyedbrown - 4
chisel:glassdyedbrown - 5


blockGlassColorless
minecraft:glass - 0
chisel:glass - 0
chisel:glass - 1
chisel:glass - 2
chisel:glass - 3
chisel:glass - 4
chisel:glass - 5
chisel:glass - 6
chisel:glass - 7
chisel:glass - 8
chisel:glass - 9
chisel:glass - 10
chisel:glass - 11
chisel:glass - 12
chisel:glass - 13
chisel:glass - 14
chisel:glass - 15
chisel:glass1 - 0
chisel:glass1 - 1
primal:soulglass - any
primal:ironglass - any
primal:obsidian_transparent - any


blockGlassCyan
minecraft:stained_glass - 9
chisel:glassdyedcyan - 0
chisel:glassdyedcyan - 1
chisel:glassdyedcyan - 2
chisel:glassdyedcyan - 3
chisel:glassdyedcyan - 4
chisel:glassdyedcyan - 5


blockGlassGray
minecraft:stained_glass - 7
chisel:glassdyedgray - 0
chisel:glassdyedgray - 1
chisel:glassdyedgray - 2
chisel:glassdyedgray - 3
chisel:glassdyedgray - 4
chisel:glassdyedgray - 5


blockGlassGreen
minecraft:stained_glass - 13
chisel:glassdyedgreen - 0
chisel:glassdyedgreen - 1
chisel:glassdyedgreen - 2
chisel:glassdyedgreen - 3
chisel:glassdyedgreen - 4
chisel:glassdyedgreen - 5


blockGlassHardened
primal:ironglass - any
primal:obsidian_transparent - any


blockGlassLightBlue
minecraft:stained_glass - 3
chisel:glassdyedlightblue - 0
chisel:glassdyedlightblue - 1
chisel:glassdyedlightblue - 2
chisel:glassdyedlightblue - 3
chisel:glassdyedlightblue - 4
chisel:glassdyedlightblue - 5


blockGlassLightGray
minecraft:stained_glass - 8
chisel:glassdyedlightgray - 0
chisel:glassdyedlightgray - 1
chisel:glassdyedlightgray - 2
chisel:glassdyedlightgray - 3
chisel:glassdyedlightgray - 4
chisel:glassdyedlightgray - 5


blockGlassLime
minecraft:stained_glass - 5
chisel:glassdyedlime - 0
chisel:glassdyedlime - 1
chisel:glassdyedlime - 2
chisel:glassdyedlime - 3
chisel:glassdyedlime - 4
chisel:glassdyedlime - 5


blockGlassMagenta
minecraft:stained_glass - 2
chisel:glassdyedmagenta - 0
chisel:glassdyedmagenta - 1
chisel:glassdyedmagenta - 2
chisel:glassdyedmagenta - 3
chisel:glassdyedmagenta - 4
chisel:glassdyedmagenta - 5


blockGlassOrange
minecraft:stained_glass - 1
chisel:glassdyedorange - 0
chisel:glassdyedorange - 1
chisel:glassdyedorange - 2
chisel:glassdyedorange - 3
chisel:glassdyedorange - 4
chisel:glassdyedorange - 5


blockGlassPink
minecraft:stained_glass - 6
chisel:glassdyedpink - 0
chisel:glassdyedpink - 1
chisel:glassdyedpink - 2
chisel:glassdyedpink - 3
chisel:glassdyedpink - 4
chisel:glassdyedpink - 5


blockGlassPurple
minecraft:stained_glass - 10
chisel:glassdyedpurple - 0
chisel:glassdyedpurple - 1
chisel:glassdyedpurple - 2
chisel:glassdyedpurple - 3
chisel:glassdyedpurple - 4
chisel:glassdyedpurple - 5


blockGlassRed
minecraft:stained_glass - 14
chisel:glassdyedred - 0
chisel:glassdyedred - 1
chisel:glassdyedred - 2
chisel:glassdyedred - 3
chisel:glassdyedred - 4
chisel:glassdyedred - 5


blockGlassWhite
minecraft:stained_glass - 0
chisel:glassdyedwhite - 0
chisel:glassdyedwhite - 1
chisel:glassdyedwhite - 2
chisel:glassdyedwhite - 3
chisel:glassdyedwhite - 4
chisel:glassdyedwhite - 5


blockGlassYellow
minecraft:stained_glass - 4
chisel:glassdyedyellow - 0
chisel:glassdyedyellow - 1
chisel:glassdyedyellow - 2
chisel:glassdyedyellow - 3
chisel:glassdyedyellow - 4
chisel:glassdyedyellow - 5


blockGlowstone
minecraft:glowstone - 0


blockGold
minecraft:gold_block - 0
chisel:blockgold - 0
chisel:blockgold - 1
chisel:blockgold - 2
chisel:blockgold - 3
chisel:blockgold - 4
chisel:blockgold - 5
chisel:blockgold - 6
chisel:gold - 0
chisel:gold - 1
chisel:gold - 2
chisel:gold - 3
chisel:gold - 4
chisel:gold - 5
chisel:gold - 6
chisel:gold - 7
chisel:gold - 8
chisel:gold - 9
chisel:gold - 10
chisel:gold - 11
chisel:gold - 12
chisel:gold - 13


blockGrate
primal:grate_acacia - any
primal:grate_bigoak - any
primal:grate_birch - any
primal:grate_jungle - any
primal:grate_oak - any
primal:grate_spruce - any
primal:grate_thatch - any
primal:grate_ironwood - any
primal:grate_corypha - any
primal:grate_lacquer - any


blockGravel
minecraft:gravel - 0


blockIce
minecraft:ice - 0
minecraft:packed_ice - 0
chisel:ice - 0
chisel:ice - 1
chisel:ice - 2
chisel:ice - 3
chisel:ice - 4
chisel:ice - 5
chisel:ice - 6
chisel:ice - 7
chisel:ice - 8
chisel:ice - 9
chisel:ice - 10
chisel:ice - 11
chisel:ice - 12
chisel:ice - 13
chisel:ice - 14
chisel:ice - 15
chisel:ice1 - 0
chisel:ice1 - 1
chisel:ice1 - 2
chisel:ice1 - 3
chisel:ice1 - 4
chisel:ice1 - 5
chisel:ice1 - 6
chisel:ice1 - 7
chisel:ice1 - 8
chisel:ice1 - 9
chisel:ice1 - 10
chisel:ice1 - 11
chisel:ice1 - 12
chisel:ice1 - 13
chisel:ice1 - 14
chisel:ice1 - 15
chisel:ice2 - 0
chisel:icepillar - 0
chisel:icepillar - 1
chisel:icepillar - 2
chisel:icepillar - 3
chisel:icepillar - 4
chisel:icepillar - 5
chisel:icepillar - 6


blockInvar
chisel:blockinvar - 0
chisel:blockinvar - 1
chisel:blockinvar - 2
chisel:blockinvar - 3
chisel:blockinvar - 4
chisel:blockinvar - 5
chisel:blockinvar - 6


blockIron
minecraft:iron_block - 0
chisel:blockiron - 0
chisel:blockiron - 1
chisel:blockiron - 2
chisel:blockiron - 3
chisel:blockiron - 4
chisel:blockiron - 5
chisel:blockiron - 6
chisel:iron - 0
chisel:iron - 1
chisel:iron - 2
chisel:iron - 3
chisel:iron - 4
chisel:iron - 5
chisel:iron - 6
chisel:iron - 7
chisel:iron - 8
chisel:iron - 9
chisel:iron - 10
chisel:iron - 11
chisel:iron - 12
chisel:iron - 13
chisel:iron - 14


blockLapis
minecraft:lapis_block - 0
chisel:lapis - 0
chisel:lapis - 1
chisel:lapis - 2
chisel:lapis - 3
chisel:lapis - 4
chisel:lapis - 5
chisel:lapis - 6
chisel:lapis - 7
chisel:lapis - 8


blockLead
chisel:blocklead - 0
chisel:blocklead - 1
chisel:blocklead - 2
chisel:blocklead - 3
chisel:blocklead - 4
chisel:blocklead - 5
chisel:blocklead - 6
primal:metalblock - 7


blockLever
minecraft:lever - 0


blockLimestone
primal:carbonate_stone - any


blockMagma
minecraft:magma - 0


blockMossy
chisel:cobblestonemossy - 0
chisel:cobblestonemossy - 1
chisel:cobblestonemossy - 2
chisel:cobblestonemossy - 3
chisel:cobblestonemossy - 4
chisel:cobblestonemossy - 5
chisel:cobblestonemossy - 6
chisel:cobblestonemossy - 7
chisel:cobblestonemossy - 8
chisel:cobblestonemossy - 9
chisel:cobblestonemossy - 10
chisel:cobblestonemossy - 11
chisel:cobblestonemossy - 12
chisel:cobblestonemossy - 13
chisel:cobblestonemossy - 14
chisel:cobblestonemossy - 15
chisel:cobblestonemossy1 - 0
chisel:cobblestonemossy1 - 1
chisel:cobblestonemossy1 - 2
chisel:cobblestonemossy1 - 3
chisel:cobblestonemossy1 - 4
chisel:cobblestonemossy1 - 5
chisel:cobblestonemossy1 - 6
chisel:cobblestonemossy1 - 7
chisel:cobblestonemossy1 - 8
chisel:cobblestonemossy1 - 9
chisel:cobblestonemossy1 - 10
chisel:cobblestonemossy1 - 11
chisel:cobblestonemossy1 - 12
chisel:cobblestonemossy1 - 13
chisel:cobblestonemossy1 - 14
chisel:cobblestonemossy1 - 15
chisel:cobblestonemossy2 - 0


blockMud
primal:mud_dried - any


blockMudDried
primal:mud_dried - any


blockMudWet
primal:mud_wet - any


blockNetherWart
minecraft:nether_wart_block - 0


blockNickel
chisel:blocknickel - 0
chisel:blocknickel - 1
chisel:blocknickel - 2
chisel:blocknickel - 3
chisel:blocknickel - 4
chisel:blocknickel - 5
chisel:blocknickel - 6
primal:metalblock - 15


blockParaffin
primal:calcified_paraffin - any


blockPlatinum
chisel:blockplatinum - 0
chisel:blockplatinum - 1
chisel:blockplatinum - 2
chisel:blockplatinum - 3
chisel:blockplatinum - 4
chisel:blockplatinum - 5
chisel:blockplatinum - 6
primal:metalblock - 14


blockPrismarine
minecraft:prismarine - 0


blockPrismarineBrick
minecraft:prismarine - 1


blockPrismarineDark
minecraft:prismarine - 2


blockQuartz
minecraft:quartz_block - 0
chisel:quartz - 0
chisel:quartz - 1
chisel:quartz - 2
chisel:quartz - 3
chisel:quartz - 4
chisel:quartz - 5
chisel:quartz - 6
chisel:quartz - 7
chisel:quartz - 8
chisel:quartz - 9
chisel:quartz - 10
chisel:quartz - 11
chisel:quartz - 12
chisel:quartz - 13
chisel:quartz - 14
chisel:quartz - 15
chisel:quartz1 - 0
chisel:quartz1 - 1
chisel:quartz1 - 2
chisel:quartz1 - 3
chisel:quartz1 - 4
chisel:quartz1 - 5
chisel:quartz1 - 6
chisel:quartz1 - 7
chisel:quartz1 - 8
chisel:quartz1 - 9
chisel:quartz1 - 10
chisel:quartz1 - 11
chisel:quartz1 - 12
chisel:quartz1 - 13
chisel:quartz1 - 14
chisel:quartz1 - 15


blockRawsalt
primal:salt_netjry_block - any
primal:ore_salt - any


blockRedstone
minecraft:redstone_block - 0
chisel:redstone - 0
chisel:redstone - 1
chisel:redstone - 2
chisel:redstone - 3
chisel:redstone - 4
chisel:redstone - 5
chisel:redstone - 6
chisel:redstone - 7
chisel:redstone - 8
chisel:redstone - 9
chisel:redstone - 10
chisel:redstone - 11
chisel:redstone - 12
chisel:redstone - 13
chisel:redstone - 14
chisel:redstone - 15
chisel:redstone1 - 0
chisel:redstone1 - 1
chisel:redstone1 - 2
chisel:redstone1 - 3
chisel:redstone1 - 4
chisel:redstone1 - 5
chisel:redstone1 - 6
chisel:redstone1 - 7
chisel:redstone1 - 8
chisel:redstone1 - 9
chisel:redstone1 - 10
chisel:redstone1 - 11
primal:redstone_sand - 0


blockSalt
primal:salt_netjry_block - any
primal:ore_salt - any


blockSaltFire
primal:ore_salt - 1


blockSaltNetjry
primal:salt_netjry_block - any


blockSaltRock
primal:ore_salt - 0


blockSaltVoid
primal:ore_salt - 2


blockSapling
primal:sapling - any


blockShibuichi
primal:metalblock - 4


blockSilver
chisel:blocksilver - 0
chisel:blocksilver - 1
chisel:blocksilver - 2
chisel:blocksilver - 3
chisel:blocksilver - 4
chisel:blocksilver - 5
chisel:blocksilver - 6
primal:metalblock - 6


blockSlime
minecraft:slime - 0


blockSoulstone, soulstone
primal:soul_stone - any


blockSteel
chisel:blocksteel - 0
chisel:blocksteel - 1
chisel:blocksteel - 2
chisel:blocksteel - 3
chisel:blocksteel - 4
chisel:blocksteel - 5
chisel:blocksteel - 6
primal:metalblock - 1
industrialrenewal:block_steel - 0


blockStoneHardened
primal:hardened_stone - any


blockSugar
fragileglassft:sugarblock - 0


blockTamahagane
primal:metalblock - 3


blockTerra
primal:terra_block - any


blockTerracotta
primal:terracotta_block - any
minecraft:stained_hardened_clay - any
minecraft:hardened_clay - 0


blockTin
chisel:blocktin - 0
chisel:blocktin - 1
chisel:blocktin - 2
chisel:blocktin - 3
chisel:blocktin - 4
chisel:blocktin - 5
chisel:blocktin - 6
primal:metalblock - 9


blockUranium
chisel:blockuranium - 0
chisel:blockuranium - 1
chisel:blockuranium - 2
chisel:blockuranium - 3
chisel:blockuranium - 4
chisel:blockuranium - 5
chisel:blockuranium - 6


blockWall
primal:wall - any


blockWaxParaffin


blockWool
minecraft:wool - any
chisel:wool_black - 0
chisel:wool_black - 1
chisel:wool_red - 0
chisel:wool_red - 1
chisel:wool_green - 0
chisel:wool_green - 1
chisel:wool_brown - 0
chisel:wool_brown - 1
chisel:wool_blue - 0
chisel:wool_blue - 1
chisel:wool_purple - 0
chisel:wool_purple - 1
chisel:wool_cyan - 0
chisel:wool_cyan - 1
chisel:wool_lightgray - 0
chisel:wool_lightgray - 1
chisel:wool_gray - 0
chisel:wool_gray - 1
chisel:wool_pink - 0
chisel:wool_pink - 1
chisel:wool_lime - 0
chisel:wool_lime - 1
chisel:wool_yellow - 0
chisel:wool_yellow - 1
chisel:wool_lightblue - 0
chisel:wool_lightblue - 1
chisel:wool_magenta - 0
chisel:wool_magenta - 1
chisel:wool_orange - 0
chisel:wool_orange - 1
chisel:wool_white - 0
chisel:wool_white - 1
primal:ovis_atre_wool - 0


blockWootz
primal:metalblock - 2


blockZinc
primal:metalblock - 8


bloomIron
primal:iron_bloom - 0


bloomTamahagane
primal:tamahagane_bloom - 0


bone
minecraft:bone - 0


bonemeal
minecraft:dye - 15


bookshelf
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 0
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 1
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 2
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 3
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 4
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 5
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 6
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 7
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 8
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 9
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 0
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 1
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 2
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 3
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 4
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 5
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 6
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 7
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 8
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 9
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 0
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 1
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 2
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 3
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 4
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 5
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 6
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 7
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 8
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 9
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 0
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 1
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 2
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 3
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 4
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 5
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 6
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 7
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 8
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 9
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 0
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 1
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 2
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 3
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 4
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 5
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 6
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 7
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 8
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 9
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 0
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 1
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 2
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 3
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 4
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 5
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 6
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 7
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 8
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 9
minecraft:bookshelf - 0


bookshelfAcacia
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 0
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 1
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 2
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 3
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 4
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 5
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 6
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 7
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 8
chisel:bookshelf_acacia - 9


bookshelfBirch
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 0
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 1
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 2
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 3
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 4
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 5
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 6
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 7
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 8
chisel:bookshelf_birch - 9


bookshelfDarkOak
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 0
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 1
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 2
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 3
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 4
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 5
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 6
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 7
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 8
chisel:bookshelf_darkoak - 9


bookshelfJungle
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 0
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 1
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 2
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 3
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 4
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 5
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 6
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 7
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 8
chisel:bookshelf_jungle - 9


bookshelfOak
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 0
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 1
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 2
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 3
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 4
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 5
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 6
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 7
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 8
chisel:bookshelf_oak - 9


bookshelfSpruce
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 0
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 1
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 2
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 3
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 4
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 5
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 6
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 7
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 8
chisel:bookshelf_spruce - 9


bottleBitumen
primal:bottle_bitumen - 0


bottleMilkOvis
primal:ovis_milk_bottle - 0


bottleParaffin
primal:bottle_paraffin - 0


bottleTannin
primal:tannin_bottle - 0


bottleUrushi
primal:urushi_bottle - 0


bottleWater
minecraft:potion - 0


bread


brick
primal:mud_brick_wet - 0
primal:mud_brick_dry - 0
primal:terra_brick_wet - 0
primal:terra_brick_dry - 0
primal:cinis_brick_wet - 0
primal:cinis_brick_dry - 0
primal:adobe_brick_wet - 0
primal:adobe_brick_dry - 0


brickAdobe
primal:adobe_brick_dry - 0


brickAdobeWet
primal:adobe_brick_wet - 0


brickCinis
primal:cinis_brick_dry - 0


brickCinisWet
primal:cinis_brick_wet - 0


brickDry
primal:mud_brick_dry - 0
primal:terra_brick_dry - 0
primal:cinis_brick_dry - 0
primal:adobe_brick_dry - 0


brickMud
primal:mud_brick_dry - 0


brickMudWet
primal:mud_brick_wet - 0


brickStone
chisel:stonebrick - 0
chisel:stonebrick - 1
chisel:stonebrick - 2
chisel:stonebrick - 3
chisel:stonebrick - 4
chisel:stonebrick - 5
chisel:stonebrick - 6
chisel:stonebrick - 7
chisel:stonebrick - 8
chisel:stonebrick - 9
chisel:stonebrick - 10
chisel:stonebrick - 11
chisel:stonebrick - 12
chisel:stonebrick - 13
chisel:stonebrick - 14
chisel:stonebrick - 15
chisel:stonebrick1 - 0
chisel:stonebrick1 - 1
chisel:stonebrick1 - 2
chisel:stonebrick1 - 3
chisel:stonebrick1 - 4
chisel:stonebrick1 - 5
chisel:stonebrick1 - 6
chisel:stonebrick1 - 7
chisel:stonebrick1 - 8
chisel:stonebrick1 - 9
chisel:stonebrick2 - 0
chisel:stonebrick2 - 1
chisel:stonebrick2 - 2
chisel:stonebrick2 - 3
chisel:stonebrick2 - 4
chisel:stonebrick2 - 5
chisel:stonebrick2 - 6
chisel:stonebrick2 - 7
chisel:stonebrick2 - 8
chisel:stonebrick2 - 9


brickTerra
primal:terra_brick_dry - 0


brickTerraWet
primal:terra_brick_wet - 0


brickWet
primal:mud_brick_wet - 0
primal:terra_brick_wet - 0
primal:cinis_brick_wet - 0
primal:adobe_brick_wet - 0


brickmold
primal:brick_mold - any


bricksStone
chisel:stonebrick - 0
chisel:stonebrick - 1
chisel:stonebrick - 2
chisel:stonebrick - 3
chisel:stonebrick - 4
chisel:stonebrick - 5
chisel:stonebrick - 6
chisel:stonebrick - 7
chisel:stonebrick - 8
chisel:stonebrick - 9
chisel:stonebrick - 10
chisel:stonebrick - 11
chisel:stonebrick - 12
chisel:stonebrick - 13
chisel:stonebrick - 14
chisel:stonebrick - 15
chisel:stonebrick1 - 0
chisel:stonebrick1 - 1
chisel:stonebrick1 - 2
chisel:stonebrick1 - 3
chisel:stonebrick1 - 4
chisel:stonebrick1 - 5
chisel:stonebrick1 - 6
chisel:stonebrick1 - 7
chisel:stonebrick1 - 8
chisel:stonebrick1 - 9
chisel:stonebrick2 - 0
chisel:stonebrick2 - 1
chisel:stonebrick2 - 2
chisel:stonebrick2 - 3
chisel:stonebrick2 - 4
chisel:stonebrick2 - 5
chisel:stonebrick2 - 6
chisel:stonebrick2 - 7
chisel:stonebrick2 - 8
chisel:stonebrick2 - 9


bucketMilk
minecraft:milk_bucket - 0


buhrstone
primal:quern_buhrstone_carbonate - 0


buttonWood
minecraft:wooden_button - 0


cactus
pvj:small_cactus - 0
minecraft:cactus - 0


cauldron
primal:cauldron - any


charcoal
minecraft:coal - 1
primal:charcoal_fair - 0
primal:charcoal_good - 0
primal:charcoal_high - 0
primal:charcoal_pure - 0


charcoalFair
primal:charcoal_fair - 0


charcoalGood
primal:charcoal_good - 0


charcoalGrade
primal:charcoal_fair - 0
primal:charcoal_good - 0
primal:charcoal_high - 0
primal:charcoal_pure - 0


charcoalHigh
primal:charcoal_high - 0


charcoalMote
primal:charcoal_mote - 0


charcoalPure
primal:charcoal_pure - 0


chest
minecraft:chest - 0
minecraft:ender_chest - 0
minecraft:trapped_chest - 0
foodfunk:esky - 0
foodfunk:freezer - 0
foodfunk:icebox - 0
foodfunk:larder - 0
minecraft:white_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:orange_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:magenta_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:light_blue_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:yellow_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:lime_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:pink_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:gray_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:silver_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:cyan_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:purple_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:blue_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:brown_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:green_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:red_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:black_shulker_box - 0


chestEnder
minecraft:ender_chest - 0


chestTrapped
minecraft:trapped_chest - 0


chestWood
minecraft:chest - 0


chum
primal:chum - 0


clayCinis
primal:cinis_clump - 0


clayTerra
primal:terra_clump - 0


clayball
minecraft:clay_ball - 0
primal:terra_clump - 0
primal:cinis_clump - 0


cloth
primal:nether_cloth - 0
primal:plant_cloth - 0


clothCheese
primal:nether_cloth - 0
primal:plant_cloth - 0


clothPlant
primal:nether_cloth - 0
primal:plant_cloth - 0


clumpBitumin
primal:bitumin_clump - 0


clumpFuel
minecraft:coal - any
primal:paraffin_clump - 0
primal:bitumin_clump - 0
primal:charcoal_fair - 0
primal:charcoal_good - 0
primal:charcoal_high - 0
primal:charcoal_pure - 0


clumpMud
primal:mud_clump - 0


clumpParaffin
primal:paraffin_clump - 0


clumpSoul
primal:soul_residue - 0


clumpWax
primal:wax_residue - 0


coal
minecraft:coal - 0


cobblestone
minecraft:cobblestone - 0
chisel:cobblestone - 0
chisel:cobblestone - 1
chisel:cobblestone - 2
chisel:cobblestone - 3
chisel:cobblestone - 4
chisel:cobblestone - 5
chisel:cobblestone - 6
chisel:cobblestone - 7
chisel:cobblestone - 8
chisel:cobblestone - 9
chisel:cobblestone - 10
chisel:cobblestone - 11
chisel:cobblestone - 12
chisel:cobblestone - 13
chisel:cobblestone - 14
chisel:cobblestone - 15
chisel:cobblestone1 - 0
chisel:cobblestone1 - 1
chisel:cobblestone1 - 2
chisel:cobblestone1 - 3
chisel:cobblestone1 - 4
chisel:cobblestone1 - 5
chisel:cobblestone1 - 6
chisel:cobblestone1 - 7
chisel:cobblestone1 - 8
chisel:cobblestone1 - 9
chisel:cobblestone2 - 0
chisel:cobblestone2 - 1
chisel:cobblestone2 - 2
chisel:cobblestone2 - 3
chisel:cobblestone2 - 4
chisel:cobblestone2 - 5
chisel:cobblestone2 - 6
chisel:cobblestone2 - 7
chisel:cobblestone2 - 8
chisel:cobblestone2 - 9


cofh:potion
minecraft:potion - 0


compostable
foodfunk:rotten_food - 0
foodfunk:spoiled_milk - 0
foodfunk:biodegradable_item - 0


composter
composter:compost_bin - 0


cordageCoiled
primal:silk_cordage_coiled - 0


cordageGeneral
primal:leather_cordage - 0
primal:silk_cordage - 0
primal:nether_cordage - 0
primal:plant_cordage - 0
primal:void_cordage - 0
primal:sinuous_cordage - 0


cordageLeather
primal:leather_cordage - 0


cordageNether
primal:nether_cordage - 0
primal:sinuous_cordage - 0


cordagePlant
primal:nether_cordage - 0
primal:plant_cordage - 0


cordageQuality
primal:leather_cordage - 0
primal:silk_cordage - 0
primal:void_cordage - 0
primal:sinuous_cordage - 0


cordageSilk
primal:silk_cordage - 0


cordageSinuous
primal:sinuous_cordage - 0


cordageVoid
primal:void_cordage - 0


craftingTableWood
minecraft:crafting_table - 0


craftingtable
primal:worktable_slab - any
primal:worktable_shelf - any


crate
primal:storage_crate - any


cropAvocado


cropBeetroot
minecraft:beetroot - 0


cropCandle


cropCarrot
minecraft:carrot - 0


cropCatmint
simplycats:catnip - 0


cropCatnip
simplycats:catnip - 0


cropCherry


cropChestnut


cropCinnamon


cropCoconut


cropCoffee
of:coffee_bean - 0


cropCorn
primal:corn_cob_cooked - 0
primal:corn_cob - 0
xlfoodmod:corn - 0


cropCotton


cropCucumber
xlfoodmod:cucumber - 0


cropCurryleaf


cropDate


cropDaucus
primal:daucus_murn_root_cooked - 0
primal:daucus_murn_root - 0


cropDeathFruit


cropDurian


cropFlax


cropJute


cropLemon


cropLettuce
xlfoodmod:lettuce - 0


cropLifeFruit


cropMelon
minecraft:melon_block - 0


cropMustard


cropNetherWart
minecraft:nether_wart - 0


cropNutmeg


cropOlive


cropOnion
xlfoodmod:onion - 0


cropPapaya


cropPlum


cropPotato
minecraft:potato - 0


cropPumpkin
minecraft:pumpkin - 0


cropQuinoa


cropRice
xlfoodmod:rice - 0


cropSeaweed
aquaculture:food - 0


cropSesame


cropSisal


cropStrawberry
xlfoodmod:strawberry - 0


cropSunflower


cropTea


cropTomato
xlfoodmod:tomato - 0


cropTruffle


cropValus
primal:valus_melon - 0


cropVanillabean


cropWalnut


cropWheat
minecraft:wheat - 0


crystalSlag
primal:slag - 0


dirt
minecraft:dirt - 0
chisel:dirt - 0
chisel:dirt - 1
chisel:dirt - 2
chisel:dirt - 3
chisel:dirt - 4
chisel:dirt - 5
chisel:dirt - 6
chisel:dirt - 7
chisel:dirt - 8
chisel:dirt - 9
chisel:dirt - 10
chisel:dirt - 11
chisel:dirt - 12
chisel:dirt - 13
chisel:dirt - 14
chisel:dirt - 15


dirtNether
primal:nether_earth - any
primal:nether_path - any
primal:nether_farmland - any


doorWood
minecraft:acacia_door - 0
minecraft:birch_door - 0
minecraft:dark_oak_door - 0
minecraft:wooden_door - 0
minecraft:jungle_door - 0
minecraft:spruce_door - 0


dryingrack
primal:drying_rack - any


dustAdamant
primal:adamant_dust - 0


dustAluminum
primal:aluminum_dust - 0


dustBlaze
minecraft:blaze_powder - 0


dustBoron


dustBrass
primal:brass_dust - 0


dustBronze
primal:bronze_dust - 0


dustConstantan


dustCopper
primal:copper_dust - 0


dustCrudeIron
primal:crude_iron_dust - 0


dustElectrum


dustGlowstone
minecraft:glowstone_dust - 0


dustGold
primal:gold_dust - 0


dustIron
primal:iron_dust - 0


dustLead
primal:lead_dust - 0


dustLithium


dustMagnesium


dustMagnetite
primal:magnetite_dust - 0


dustNickel
primal:nickel_dust - 0


dustOsmium


dustPlatinum
primal:platinum_dust - 0


dustPrismarine
minecraft:prismarine_crystals - 0


dustRedstone
minecraft:redstone - 0


dustSalt
primal:salt_dust_netjry - 0
primal:salt_dust_rock - 0
primal:salt_dust_fire - 0
primal:salt_dust_void - 0
xlfoodmod:salt - 0


dustSaltFire
primal:salt_dust_fire - 0


dustSaltNetjry
primal:salt_dust_netjry - 0


dustSaltRock
primal:salt_dust_rock - 0


dustSaltVoid
primal:salt_dust_void - 0


dustShibuichi
primal:shibuichi_dust - 0


dustSilver
primal:silver_dust - 0


dustSteel


dustSulfur
mw:sulfurdust - 0
gaspunk:sulfur - 0


dustTamahagane
primal:tamahagane_dust - 0


dustTannin
primal:tannin_ground - 0
primal:inferum_ground - 0


dustThaumium


dustThorium


dustTin
primal:tin_dust - 0


dustUranium


dustUrushi
primal:urushi_ground - 0
primal:sinuous_resin - 0


dustVanadium
primal:vanadium_dust - 0


dustVoid


dustWootz
primal:wootz_dust - 0


dustYellorium


dustZinc
primal:zinc_dust - 0


dye
minecraft:dye - any


dyeBlack
minecraft:dye - 0
primal:sinuous_resin - 0


dyeBlue
minecraft:dye - 4


dyeBrown
minecraft:dye - 3
primal:paraffin_clump - 0
of:coffee_powder - 0


dyeCyan
minecraft:dye - 6


dyeGray
minecraft:dye - 8


dyeGreen
minecraft:dye - 2


dyeLightBlue
minecraft:dye - 12


dyeLightGray
minecraft:dye - 7


dyeLime
minecraft:dye - 10


dyeMagenta
minecraft:dye - 13


dyeOrange
minecraft:dye - 14


dyePink
minecraft:dye - 9


dyePurple
minecraft:dye - 5


dyeRed
minecraft:dye - 1
primal:inferum_ground - 0


dyeSilver


dyeWhite
minecraft:dye - 15


dyeYellow
minecraft:dye - 11


egg
minecraft:egg - 0
betteranimalsplus:pheasant_egg - 0
betteranimalsplus:turkey_egg - 0
betteranimalsplus:goose_egg - 0


eggCookable
betteranimalsplus:pheasant_egg - 0
betteranimalsplus:turkey_egg - 0
betteranimalsplus:goose_egg - 0


enderpearl
minecraft:ender_pearl - 0


endstone
minecraft:end_stone - 0
chisel:endstone - 0
chisel:endstone - 1
chisel:endstone - 2
chisel:endstone - 3
chisel:endstone - 4
chisel:endstone - 5
chisel:endstone - 6
chisel:endstone - 7
chisel:endstone - 8
chisel:endstone - 9
chisel:endstone - 10
chisel:endstone - 11
chisel:endstone - 12
chisel:endstone - 13
chisel:endstone - 14
chisel:endstone - 15
chisel:endstone1 - 0
chisel:endstone1 - 1
chisel:endstone1 - 2
chisel:endstone1 - 3
chisel:endstone1 - 4
chisel:endstone1 - 5
chisel:endstone1 - 6
chisel:endstone1 - 7
chisel:endstone1 - 8
chisel:endstone1 - 9
chisel:endstone2 - 0
chisel:endstone2 - 1
chisel:endstone2 - 2
chisel:endstone2 - 3
chisel:endstone2 - 4
chisel:endstone2 - 5
chisel:endstone2 - 6


fatAnimal
primal:animal_fat - 0
primal:animal_fat_nether - 0


fatNether
primal:animal_fat_nether - 0


feather
minecraft:feather - 0
mod_lavacow:feather_black - 0


fenceGateWood
minecraft:fence_gate - 0
minecraft:spruce_fence_gate - 0
minecraft:birch_fence_gate - 0
minecraft:jungle_fence_gate - 0
minecraft:dark_oak_fence_gate - 0
minecraft:acacia_fence_gate - 0
pvj:willow_fence_gate - 0
pvj:mangrove_fence_gate - 0
pvj:palm_fence_gate - 0
pvj:redwood_fence_gate - 0
pvj:fir_fence_gate - 0
pvj:pine_fence_gate - 0
pvj:aspen_fence_gate - 0
pvj:maple_fence_gate - 0
pvj:baobab_fence_gate - 0
pvj:cottonwood_fence_gate - 0
pvj:juniper_fence_gate - 0
pvj:cherry_blossom_fence_gate - 0
pvj:jacaranda_fence_gate - 0


fenceWood
minecraft:fence - 0
minecraft:spruce_fence - 0
minecraft:birch_fence - 0
minecraft:jungle_fence - 0
minecraft:dark_oak_fence - 0
minecraft:acacia_fence - 0
pvj:willow_fence - 0
pvj:mangrove_fence - 0
pvj:palm_fence - 0
pvj:redwood_fence - 0
pvj:fir_fence - 0
pvj:pine_fence - 0
pvj:aspen_fence - 0
pvj:maple_fence - 0
pvj:baobab_fence - 0
pvj:cottonwood_fence - 0
pvj:juniper_fence - 0
pvj:cherry_blossom_fence - 0
pvj:jacaranda_fence - 0


fermentedMash
primal:fermented_jungle - 0


fertilizer
composter:compost - 0
minecraft:dye - 15


fiberCineris
primal:nether_fiber - 0


fiberInaris
primal:void_fiber - 0


fiberPlant
primal:plant_fiber - 0


fiberSinuous
primal:sinuous_cordage - 0


fiberValus
primal:valus_fiber - 0


firesource
primal:arrow_torch_wood - 0
primal:arrow_torch_nether - 0
minecraft:torch - 0
minecraft:lit_pumpkin - 0
minecraft:magma - 0
minecraft:blaze_rod - 0
primal:nether_growth - 0
primal_tech:fibre_torch_lit - 0
primal_tech:fire_sticks - 0


fishtrap
primal:fish_trap - any


flake
primal:bone_knapp - 0
primal:bone_point - 0
primal:flint_knapp - 0
primal:flint_point - 0
primal:quartz_knapp - 0
primal:quartz_point - 0
primal:obsidian_knapp - 0
primal:obsidian_point - 0
primal:opal_knapp - 0
primal:opal_point - 0
primal:diamond_knapp - 0
primal:diamond_point - 0
primal:emerald_knapp - 0
primal:emerald_point - 0


flakeBone
primal:bone_knapp - 0
primal_tech:bone_shard - 0


flakeDiamond
primal:diamond_knapp - 0


flakeEmerald
primal:emerald_knapp - 0


flakeFlint
primal:flint_knapp - 0


flakeObsidian
primal:obsidian_knapp - 0


flakeOpal
primal:opal_knapp - 0


flakeQuartz
primal:quartz_knapp - 0


fletching
primal:fletching - 0


fluxSmelting
primal:carbonate_slack - 0
primal:ferro_slack - 0


food
foodfunk:rotten_food - 0
foodfunk:spoiled_milk - 0


foodApplesauce


foodAtre
primal:nether_fiber - 0
primal:chum - 0
primal:cheese_red - 0
primal:sinuous_resin - 0
primal:daucus_murn_root - 0
primal:daucus_murn_fronds_withered - 0
primal:valus_stalk_withered - 0
primal:nether_root - 0
primal:nether_seed - 0
primal:void_grass_root - 0


foodBaconandeggs
mod_lavacow:green_bacon_and_eggs - 0


foodBait
primal:chum - 0


foodBeefjerky
xlfoodmod:beef_jerky - 0


foodBerry


foodBoiledPotato
primal:potato_boiled - 0


foodBoiledegg
primal:egg_death - 0
primal:egg_boiled - 0


foodBowlofrice


foodBread
minecraft:bread - 0
primal:corn_bread - 0
primal:valus_bread - 0


foodButter
xlfoodmod:butter - 0
of:solid_vegetable_oil - 0


foodButterrice
xlfoodmod:butter_rice - 0


foodCheese
primal:cheese_white - 0
primal:cheese_red - 0
xlfoodmod:cheese - 0
betteranimalsplus:goatcheese - 0


foodChocolatebar
xlfoodmod:chocolate - 0


foodClamcooked


foodClamraw


foodCoffee


foodCookedMushroom
primal:mushroom_cooked - 0


foodCrabcooked
mod_lavacow:mimic_claw_cooked - 0


foodCrabraw
mod_lavacow:mimic_claw - 0


foodCrayfishcooked


foodCrayfishraw


foodDatenutbread


foodDonut


foodDough
xlfoodmod:cooked_dough - 0
of:dough - 0


foodEelraw


foodEgg
primal:egg_death - 0
primal:egg_boiled - 0
betteranimalsplus:pheasant_egg - 0
betteranimalsplus:turkey_egg - 0
betteranimalsplus:goose_egg - 0


foodFat
primal:animal_fat - 0
primal:animal_fat_nether - 0
primal:salo - 0


foodFilledhoneycomb


foodFirmtofu


foodFlour
of:flour - 0


foodFriedegg
xlfoodmod:fried_egg - 0


foodFriedrice
xlfoodmod:fried_rice - 0


foodFrogcooked


foodFrograw


foodFruit


foodFruitsalad


foodGarlicbread


foodGingerbread


foodGoatCheese
betteranimalsplus:goatcheese - 0


foodGoatMilk
betteranimalsplus:goatmilk - 0


foodGrapejuice


foodGreeneggsandham
mod_lavacow:green_bacon_and_eggs - 0


foodGrilledasparagus


foodGrilledeggplant


foodGrilledmushroom


foodGroundbeef
xlfoodmod:ground_beef - 0


foodHotwings
mod_lavacow:ptera_wing_cooked - 0


foodLavendershortbread


foodMold
primal:potato_rotten - 0


foodMushroompowder


foodMushroomsalad


foodNetherWart
primal:nether_wart_cooked - 0


foodOctopuscooked


foodOctopusraw


foodOliveoil
of:vegetable_oil - 0


foodPancakes
xlfoodmod:pancake - 0


foodPoison
minecraft:spider_eye - 0
minecraft:fermented_spider_eye - 0
minecraft:poisonous_potato - 0
primal:aconite_sprig - 0
primal:aconite_petal - 0
primal:aconite_root - 0
primal:yew_seed - 0
primal:yew_aril - 0


foodPotato
primal:potato_boiled - 0


foodPumpkin
primal:pumpkin_piece - 0


foodPumpkinbread


foodRaisins


foodRicecake


foodRot
primal:rot - 0
primal:potato_rotten - 0


foodSalt
primal:salt_dust_netjry - 0
primal:salt_dust_rock - 0
primal:salt_dust_fire - 0
primal:salt_dust_void - 0


foodSap
primal:sinuous_resin - 0


foodSausageinbread


foodScallopcooked


foodScallopraw


foodSeed
primal:rush_seeds_cooked - 0


foodShrimpcooked


foodShrimpraw


foodSilkentofu


foodSnailcooked


foodSnailraw


foodStuffedmushroom


foodSwedishmeatballs
mod_lavacow:meatball - 0


foodTea


foodToast


foodToastedcoconut


foodTortilla
xlfoodmod:tortilla - 0


foodTruffle


foodTurtlecooked


foodTurtleraw


foodVanilla


foodVegetable


foodVeggiesalad


foodVenisoncooked
betteranimalsplus:venisoncooked - 0


foodVenisonraw
betteranimalsplus:venisonraw - 0


foodVinegar
primal:egg_death - 0


foodWaffles
xlfoodmod:waffle - 0


foodWalnutraisinbread


foodZucchinibread


fruitForestry


fur
primal:animal_fur - 0


gemAmethyst
variedcommodities:gem_amethyst - 0


gemBloodOpal
primal:opal - 0


gemBoronNitride


gemDiamond
minecraft:diamond - 0


gemEmerald
minecraft:emerald - 0


gemLapis
minecraft:dye - 4


gemPrismarine
minecraft:prismarine_shard - 0


gemQuartz
minecraft:quartz - 0


gemQuartzBlack
primal:quartz_vitrified - 0


gemQuartzVitrified
primal:quartz_vitrified - 0


gemRuby
variedcommodities:gem_ruby - 0


gemSaphire
variedcommodities:gem_sapphire - 0


glassReinforced
primal:ironglass - any
primal:obsidian_transparent - any


glowstone
minecraft:glowstone - 0
chisel:glowstone - 0
chisel:glowstone - 1
chisel:glowstone - 2
chisel:glowstone - 3
chisel:glowstone - 4
chisel:glowstone - 5
chisel:glowstone - 6
chisel:glowstone - 7
chisel:glowstone - 8
chisel:glowstone - 9
chisel:glowstone - 10
chisel:glowstone - 11
chisel:glowstone - 12
chisel:glowstone - 13
chisel:glowstone - 14
chisel:glowstone - 15
chisel:glowstone1 - 0
chisel:glowstone1 - 1
chisel:glowstone1 - 2
chisel:glowstone1 - 3
chisel:glowstone1 - 4
chisel:glowstone1 - 5
chisel:glowstone1 - 6
chisel:glowstone1 - 7
chisel:glowstone1 - 8
chisel:glowstone1 - 9
chisel:glowstone1 - 10
chisel:glowstone1 - 11
chisel:glowstone1 - 12
chisel:glowstone1 - 13
chisel:glowstone1 - 14
chisel:glowstone1 - 15
chisel:glowstone2 - 0


grass
minecraft:grass - 0


gravel
minecraft:gravel - 0


gritFine
minecraft:sand - 0
minecraft:soul_sand - 0


gritRough
minecraft:gravel - 0


gunpowder
minecraft:gunpowder - 0


hardenedClay
chisel:hardenedclay - 0
chisel:hardenedclay - 1
chisel:hardenedclay - 2
chisel:hardenedclay - 3
chisel:hardenedclay - 4
chisel:hardenedclay - 5
chisel:hardenedclay - 6
chisel:hardenedclay - 7
chisel:hardenedclay - 8
chisel:hardenedclay - 9
chisel:hardenedclay - 10
chisel:hardenedclay - 11
chisel:hardenedclay - 12
chisel:hardenedclay - 13
chisel:hardenedclay - 14
chisel:hardenedclay - 15
chisel:hardenedclay1 - 0
chisel:hardenedclay1 - 1
chisel:hardenedclay1 - 2
chisel:hardenedclay1 - 3
chisel:hardenedclay1 - 4
chisel:hardenedclay1 - 5
chisel:hardenedclay1 - 6
chisel:hardenedclay1 - 7
chisel:hardenedclay1 - 8
chisel:hardenedclay1 - 9
chisel:hardenedclay2 - 0
chisel:hardenedclay2 - 1
chisel:hardenedclay2 - 2
chisel:hardenedclay2 - 3
chisel:hardenedclay2 - 4
chisel:hardenedclay2 - 5
chisel:hardenedclay2 - 6


headWolf
primal:wolf_head_item - 0


hibachi
primal:hibachi - any


hide
primal:hide_dried - 0
primal:hide_raw - 0
primal:hide_salted - 0
primal:hide_spoiled - 0
primal:hide_tanned - 0


hideDry
primal:hide_dried - 0


hidePigmanDried
primal:pigman_hide_dried - 0


hidePigmanRaw
primal:pigman_hide_raw - 0


hidePigmanSalted
primal:pigman_hide_salted - 0


hidePigmanSpoiled
primal:pigman_hide_spoiled - 0


hidePigmanTanned
primal:pigman_hide_tanned - 0


hideRaw
primal:hide_raw - 0


hideSalted
primal:hide_salted - 0


hideSpoiled
primal:hide_spoiled - 0


hideTanned
primal:hide_tanned - 0


hopper
minecraft:hopper - 0


ice
chisel:ice - 0
chisel:ice - 1
chisel:ice - 2
chisel:ice - 3
chisel:ice - 4
chisel:ice - 5
chisel:ice - 6
chisel:ice - 7
chisel:ice - 8
chisel:ice - 9
chisel:ice - 10
chisel:ice - 11
chisel:ice - 12
chisel:ice - 13
chisel:ice - 14
chisel:ice - 15
chisel:ice1 - 0
chisel:ice1 - 1
chisel:ice1 - 2
chisel:ice1 - 3
chisel:ice1 - 4
chisel:ice1 - 5
chisel:ice1 - 6
chisel:ice1 - 7
chisel:ice1 - 8
chisel:ice1 - 9
chisel:ice1 - 10
chisel:ice1 - 11
chisel:ice1 - 12
chisel:ice1 - 13
chisel:ice1 - 14
chisel:ice1 - 15
chisel:ice2 - 0
chisel:icepillar - 0
chisel:icepillar - 1
chisel:icepillar - 2
chisel:icepillar - 3
chisel:icepillar - 4
chisel:icepillar - 5
chisel:icepillar - 6


iceAncient
primal:ancient_ice - any


iceAncientChunk
primal:ancient_ice_chunk - 0


ignisfatuus
primal:ignis_fatuus - any


ingotAdamant
primal:adamant_ingot - 0


ingotAluminum
primal:aluminum_ingot - 0


ingotBoron


ingotBrass
primal:brass_ingot - 0


ingotBrick
minecraft:brick - 0


ingotBrickNether
minecraft:netherbrick - 0


ingotBronze
forgecraft:bronzeingotball - 0
primal:bronze_ingot - 0
variedcommodities:ingot_bronze - 0


ingotConstantan


ingotCopper
mw:copperingot - 0
primal:copper_ingot - 0


ingotCrudeIron
primal:crude_iron_ingot - 0


ingotDemonic
variedcommodities:ingot_demonic - 0


ingotElectrum


ingotEnderium


ingotGold
minecraft:gold_ingot - 0


ingotHardCarbon


ingotInvar


ingotIridium


ingotIron
minecraft:iron_ingot - 0
forgecraft:ironingotball - 0
forgecraft:ironcleaningotball - 0


ingotLead
mw:leadingot - 0
primal:lead_ingot - 0


ingotLithium


ingotLumium


ingotMagnesium


ingotMithril
variedcommodities:ingot_mithril - 0


ingotNickel
primal:nickel_ingot - 0


ingotOsmium


ingotPlatinum
primal:platinum_ingot - 0


ingotShibuichi
primal:shibuichi_ingot - 0


ingotSignalum


ingotSilver
primal:silver_ingot - 0


ingotSteel
forgecraft:steelingotball - 0
mw:steelingot - 0
primal:steel_ingot - 0
industrialrenewal:ingot_steel - 0
variedcommodities:ingot_steel - 0


ingotTamahagane
primal:tamahagane_ingot - 0


ingotThaumium


ingotThorium


ingotTin
mw:tiningot - 0
primal:tin_ingot - 0


ingotTough


ingotUranium


ingotVanadium
primal:vanadium_ingot - 0


ingotVoid


ingotWootz
forgecraft:wootzingotball - 0
primal:wootz_ingot - 0


ingotYellorium


ingotZinc
primal:zinc_ingot - 0


ingotiron


ingredientChumLarge


ingredientChumMedium


ingredientChumSmall


ingredientSalt
primal:salt_dust_netjry - 0
primal:salt_dust_rock - 0
primal:salt_dust_fire - 0
primal:salt_dust_void - 0


ironglass
primal:ironglass - any


itemFoodCutter
primal:flint_workblade - any
primal:quartz_workblade - any
primal:iron_workblade - any
primal:obsidian_workblade - any
primal:opal_workblade - any
primal:emerald_workblade - any
primal:diamond_workblade - any


itemRubber
primal:sinuous_resin - 0


itemSalt
primal:salt_dust_netjry - 0
primal:salt_dust_rock - 0
primal:salt_dust_fire - 0
primal:salt_dust_void - 0
xlfoodmod:salt - 0


itemSlag
primal:slag - 0


ladderCommon
primal:ladder_acacia - any
primal:ladder_bigoak - any
primal:ladder_birch - any
primal:ladder_jungle - any
primal:ladder_oak - any
primal:ladder_spruce - any
primal:ladder_ironwood - any
primal:ladder_corypha - any
primal:ladder_lacquer - any
primal:ladder_yew - any


ladderWood
primal:ladder_acacia - any
primal:ladder_bigoak - any
primal:ladder_birch - any
primal:ladder_jungle - any
primal:ladder_oak - any
primal:ladder_spruce - any
primal:ladder_lacquer - any
primal:ladder_yew - any


ladle
primal:cauldron_ladle_ironwood - 0
primal:cauldron_ladle_corypha - 0
primal:cauldron_ladle_lacquer - 0
primal:cauldron_ladle_yew - 0
primal:cauldron_ladle_bone - 0


leather
minecraft:leather - 0
primal:pigman_leather - 0
primal:leather_boiled - 0


leatherBoiled
primal:leather_boiled - 0


leatherPigman
primal:pigman_leather - 0


leatherStrip
primal:leather_strip - 0


lensObsidian
primal:obsidian_lens - 0


lensQuartzVitrified
primal:quartz_vitrified_lens - 0


lidBarrel
primal:barrel_oak_lid - 0
primal:barrel_spruce_lid - 0
primal:barrel_birch_lid - 0
primal:barrel_jungle_lid - 0
primal:barrel_acacia_lid - 0
primal:barrel_dark_oak_lid - 0
primal:barrel_ironwood_lid - 0
primal:barrel_yew_lid - 0
primal:barrel_corypha_lid - 0
primal:barrel_lacquer_lid - 0


lidBarrelAcacia
primal:barrel_acacia_lid - 0


lidBarrelBirch
primal:barrel_birch_lid - 0


lidBarrelCorypha
primal:barrel_corypha_lid - 0


lidBarrelDarkOak
primal:barrel_dark_oak_lid - 0


lidBarrelIronwood
primal:barrel_ironwood_lid - 0


lidBarrelJungle
primal:barrel_jungle_lid - 0


lidBarrelLacquer
primal:barrel_lacquer_lid - 0


lidBarrelOak
primal:barrel_oak_lid - 0


lidBarrelSpruce
primal:barrel_spruce_lid - 0


lidBarrelYew
primal:barrel_yew_lid - 0


lidCauldron
primal:cauldron_lid - 0


lidSmeltery
primal:smelter_lid_mud - 0
primal:smelter_lid_adobe - 0
primal:smelter_lid_terra - 0
primal:smelter_lid_cinis - 0


listAllEgg
betteranimalsplus:pheasant_egg - 0
betteranimalsplus:turkey_egg - 0
betteranimalsplus:goose_egg - 0


listAllGoatMilk
betteranimalsplus:goatmilk - 0


listAllMilk
betteranimalsplus:goatmilk - 0


listAllVeggie


listAllbeefcooked


listAllbeefraw


listAllberry


listAllchickencooked


listAllchickenraw


listAllduckraw


listAllegg
minecraft:egg - 0
betteranimalsplus:pheasant_egg - 0
betteranimalsplus:turkey_egg - 0
betteranimalsplus:goose_egg - 0


listAllfishcooked
aquaculture:food - 4
mod_lavacow:zombiepiranha_item_cooked - 0
mod_lavacow:piranha_cooked - 0
mod_lavacow:cheirolepis_cooked - 0
betteranimalsplus:crab_meat_cooked - 0


listAllfishraw
aquaculture:food - 3
minecraft:fish - any
primal:shark_meat_raw - 0
mod_lavacow:zombiepiranha_item - 0
mod_lavacow:piranha - 0
mod_lavacow:cheirolepis - 0
betteranimalsplus:crab_meat_raw - 0


listAllfishrotten
primal:shark_meat_rotten - 0


listAllflower
minecraft:red_flower - any
minecraft:yellow_flower - any
minecraft:chorus_flower - 0


listAllfruit


listAllgrain


listAllgreenveggie


listAllherb


listAlllava
minecraft:lava_bucket - 0


listAllmeatcooked
primal:horse_meat_cooked - 0
primal:wolf_meat_cooked - 0
primal:ovis_meat_cooked - 0
primal:shark_meat_cooked - 0
primal:gator_meat_cooked - 0
primal:pigman_meat_cooked - 0
primal:bear_meat_cooked - 0
primal:llama_meat_cooked - 0
primal:bat_meat_cooked - 0
mod_lavacow:ptera_wing_cooked - 0
mod_lavacow:moltenbeef - 0
betteranimalsplus:venisoncooked - 0
betteranimalsplus:turkey_cooked - 0
betteranimalsplus:turkey_leg_cooked - 0
betteranimalsplus:pheasantcooked - 0


listAllmeatraw
minecraft:beef - 0
minecraft:porkchop - 0
minecraft:chicken - 0
minecraft:mutton - 0
minecraft:rabbit - 0
primal:fish_lava_worm_raw - 0
primal:fish_lava_crawdad_raw - 0
primal:gator_meat_raw - 0
primal:horse_meat_raw - 0
primal:wolf_meat_raw - 0
primal:ovis_meat_raw - 0
primal:pigman_meat_raw - 0
primal:bear_meat_raw - 0
primal:llama_meat_raw - 0
primal:bat_meat_raw - 0
mod_lavacow:ptera_wing - 0
mod_lavacow:plagued_porkchop - 0
betteranimalsplus:venisonraw - 0
betteranimalsplus:turkey_raw - 0
betteranimalsplus:turkey_leg_raw - 0
betteranimalsplus:pheasantraw - 0


listAllmeatrotten
minecraft:rotten_flesh - 0
primal:fish_cod_rotten - 0
primal:fish_salmon_rotten - 0
primal:fish_clown_rotten - 0
primal:fish_puffer_rotten - 0
primal:fish_lava_worm_rotten - 0
primal:fish_lava_crawdad_rotten - 0
primal:gator_meat_rotten - 0
primal:horse_meat_rotten - 0
primal:wolf_meat_rotten - 0
primal:ovis_meat_rotten - 0
primal:pigman_meat_rotten - 0
primal:bear_meat_rotten - 0
primal:llama_meat_rotten - 0
primal:bat_meat_rotten - 0


listAllmelon
minecraft:melon_block - 0
minecraft:pumpkin - 0


listAllmetalblocks
minecraft:iron_block - 0
minecraft:gold_block - 0


listAllmetalingots
minecraft:iron_ingot - 0
minecraft:gold_ingot - 0


listAllmilk
primal:ovis_milk_bottle - 0
minecraft:milk_bucket - 0


listAllmushroom
minecraft:red_mushroom - 0
minecraft:brown_mushroom - 0
minecraft:red_mushroom_block - 0
minecraft:brown_mushroom_block - 0
mod_lavacow:glowshroom - 0
mod_lavacow:bloodtooth_shroom - 0
mod_lavacow:cordy_shroom - 0
mod_lavacow:veil_shroom - 0


listAllmuttoncooked


listAllmuttonraw


listAllnut


listAllnutbutter


listAllpepper


listAllporkcooked


listAllporkraw


listAllrabbitcooked


listAllrabbitraw


listAllseed
minecraft:wheat_seeds - 0
minecraft:beetroot_seeds - 0
minecraft:pumpkin_seeds - 0
minecraft:melon_seeds - 0


listAllsmoothie


listAllspice


listAllsugar


listAlltofu


listAllturkeycooked


listAllturkeyraw


listAllveggie
primal:potato_boiled - 0
minecraft:carrot - 0
minecraft:potato - 0
minecraft:wheat - 0
minecraft:beetroot - 0


listAllvenisoncooked
betteranimalsplus:venisoncooked - 0


listAllvenisonraw
betteranimalsplus:venisonraw - 0


listAllwater
minecraft:water_bucket - 0


locksLock
locks:wood_lock - 0
locks:iron_lock - 0
locks:steel_lock - 0
locks:gold_lock - 0
locks:diamond_lock - 0


locksLockPick
locks:wood_lock_pick - 0
locks:iron_lock_pick - 0
locks:steel_lock_pick - 0
locks:gold_lock_pick - 0
locks:diamond_lock_pick - 0


logAcacia
minecraft:log2 - 0


logBirch
minecraft:log - 2


logCorypha
primal:corypha_stalk - 0
primal:corypha_stalk - 1


logDarkOak
minecraft:log2 - 1


logHarvest
primal:logs_stripped - 6
primal:logs - 0
dynamictrees:oakbranch - 0
dynamictrees:sprucebranch - 0
dynamictrees:birchbranch - 0
dynamictrees:junglebranch - 0
dynamictrees:darkoakbranch - 0
dynamictrees:acaciabranch - 0


logIronwood
primal:logs - 0


logJungle
minecraft:log - 3


logOak
minecraft:log - 0


logSplit
primal:logs_split_oak - 0
primal:logs_split_spruce - 0
primal:logs_split_birch - 0
primal:logs_split_jungle - 0
primal:logs_split_acacia - 0
primal:logs_split_bigoak - 0
primal:logs_split_ironwood - 0
primal:logs_split_yew - 0
primal:logs_split_corypha - 0


logSplitNormal
primal:logs_split_oak - 0
primal:logs_split_spruce - 0
primal:logs_split_birch - 0
primal:logs_split_jungle - 0
primal:logs_split_acacia - 0
primal:logs_split_bigoak - 0


logSpruce
minecraft:log - 1


logStack
primal:logs_stacked - any
primal:logs_stacked_corypha - any


logStackCorypha
primal:logs_stacked_corypha - any


logStripped
primal:logs_stripped - any
primal:corypha_stalk - 1


logWood
minecraft:log - any
minecraft:log2 - any
primal:logs_stripped - 0
primal:logs_stripped - 1
primal:logs_stripped - 2
primal:logs_stripped - 3
primal:logs_stripped - 4
primal:logs_stripped - 5
primal:logs_stripped - 7
primal:logs - 0
primal:logs - 1
primal:corypha_stalk - 0
pvj:log_willow - 0
pvj:log_mangrove - 0
pvj:log_palm - 0
pvj:log_redwood - 0
pvj:log_fir - 0
pvj:log_pine - 0
pvj:log_aspen - 0
pvj:log_maple - 0
pvj:log_baobab - 0
pvj:log_cottonwood - 0
pvj:log_juniper - 0
pvj:log_cherry_blossom - 0
pvj:log_jacaranda - 0


logWoodNormal


logYew
primal:logs - 1


meshIron
primal:iron_mesh - 0


minislabStone
industrialrenewal:small_slab - 0


mortalIngredient
minecraft:sand - 0
minecraft:soul_sand - 0
primal:ash_common - 0
primal:ash_yew - 0
primal:ash_ironwood - 0


mortar
primal:mortar - 0


motorSmall
industrialrenewal:motor - 0


muck
primal:muck - 0
primal:muck_molten - 0


muckMolten
primal:muck_molten - 0


mud
primal:mud_clump - 0


mudBetween


mushroom
minecraft:brown_mushroom - 0
minecraft:red_mushroom - 0


netherStar
minecraft:nether_star - 0


netherrack
minecraft:netherrack - 0
chisel:netherrack - 0
chisel:netherrack - 1
chisel:netherrack - 2
chisel:netherrack - 3
chisel:netherrack - 4
chisel:netherrack - 5
chisel:netherrack - 6
chisel:netherrack - 7
chisel:netherrack - 8
chisel:netherrack - 9
chisel:netherrack - 10
chisel:netherrack - 11
chisel:netherrack - 12
chisel:netherrack - 13


nuggetAdamant
primal:adamant_nugget - 0


nuggetAluminum
primal:aluminum_nugget - 0


nuggetBrass
primal:brass_nugget - 0


nuggetBronze
forgecraft:bronzechunk - 0
primal:bronze_nugget - 0


nuggetConstantan


nuggetCopper
primal:copper_nugget - 0


nuggetCrudeIron
primal:crude_iron_nugget - 0


nuggetElectrum


nuggetGold
minecraft:gold_nugget - 0


nuggetIron
minecraft:iron_nugget - 0
forgecraft:wroughtironchunk - 0
forgecraft:ironcleanchunk - 0


nuggetLead
primal:lead_nugget - 0


nuggetMeat


nuggetNickel
primal:nickel_nugget - 0


nuggetPlatinum
primal:platinum_nugget - 0


nuggetShibuichi
primal:shibuichi_nugget - 0


nuggetSilver
primal:silver_nugget - 0


nuggetSteel
forgecraft:steelchunk - 0
primal:steel_nugget - 0


nuggetTamahagane
primal:tamahagane_nugget - 0


nuggetTin
primal:tin_nugget - 0


nuggetVanadium
primal:vanadium_nugget - 0


nuggetWootz
forgecraft:wootzchunk - 0
primal:wootz_nugget - 0


nuggetZinc
primal:zinc_nugget - 0


obsidian
minecraft:obsidian - 0
chisel:obsidian - 0
chisel:obsidian - 1
chisel:obsidian - 2
chisel:obsidian - 3
chisel:obsidian - 4
chisel:obsidian - 5
chisel:obsidian - 6
chisel:obsidian - 7
chisel:obsidian - 8
chisel:obsidian - 9
chisel:obsidian - 10
chisel:obsidian - 11
chisel:obsidian - 12
chisel:obsidian - 13
chisel:obsidian - 14
primal:obsidian_transparent - any


obsidianTransparent
primal:obsidian_transparent - any


oreAluminum


oreBoron


oreBrass


oreBronze


oreClusterBogIron
primal:ore_cluster_bog_iron - 0


oreClusterMagnetite
primal:ore_cluster_magnetite - 0


oreClusterZinc
primal:ore_cluster_zinc - 0


oreClusteredBogIron
primal:ore_bog_iron - any


oreClusteredMagnetite
primal:ore_magnetite - any


oreClusteredOpal
primal:ore_opal - any


oreClusteredZinc
primal:ore_zinc - any


oreCoal
minecraft:coal_ore - 0


oreConstantan


oreCopper


oreDiamond
minecraft:diamond_ore - 0


oreElectrum


oreEmerald
minecraft:emerald_ore - 0


oreGold
minecraft:gold_ore - 0


oreIron
minecraft:iron_ore - 0
industrialrenewal:chunk_hematite - 0
industrialrenewal:orevein_hematite - 0


oreLapis
minecraft:lapis_ore - 0


oreLead


oreLithium


oreMagnesium


oreNickel


oreOsmium


orePlatinum


oreQuartz
minecraft:quartz_ore - 0


oreRedstone
minecraft:redstone_ore - 0


oreSilver


oreSteel


oreThaumium


oreThorium


oreTin


oreUranium


oreVoid


oreYellorium


oreZinc


paneGlass
minecraft:glass_pane - 0
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - any
chisel:glasspane - 0
chisel:glasspane - 1
chisel:glasspane - 2
chisel:glasspane - 3
chisel:glasspane - 4
chisel:glasspane - 5
chisel:glasspane - 6
chisel:glasspane - 7
chisel:glasspane - 8
chisel:glasspane - 9
chisel:glasspane - 10
chisel:glasspane - 11
chisel:glasspane - 12
chisel:glasspane - 13
chisel:glasspane - 14
chisel:glasspane - 15
chisel:glasspane1 - 0
chisel:glasspane1 - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedblack - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedblack - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedblack - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedblack - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedblack - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedblack - 5
chisel:glasspanedyedred - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedred - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedred - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedred - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedred - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedred - 5
chisel:glasspanedyedgreen - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedgreen - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedgreen - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedgreen - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedgreen - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedgreen - 5
chisel:glasspanedyedbrown - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedbrown - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedbrown - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedbrown - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedbrown - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedbrown - 5
chisel:glasspanedyedblue - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedblue - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedblue - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedblue - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedblue - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedblue - 5
chisel:glasspanedyedpurple - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedpurple - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedpurple - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedpurple - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedpurple - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedpurple - 5
chisel:glasspanedyedcyan - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedcyan - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedcyan - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedcyan - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedcyan - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedcyan - 5
chisel:glasspanedyedlightgray - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedlightgray - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedlightgray - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedlightgray - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedlightgray - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedlightgray - 5
chisel:glasspanedyedgray - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedgray - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedgray - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedgray - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedgray - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedgray - 5
chisel:glasspanedyedpink - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedpink - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedpink - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedpink - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedpink - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedpink - 5
chisel:glasspanedyedlime - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedlime - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedlime - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedlime - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedlime - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedlime - 5
chisel:glasspanedyedyellow - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedyellow - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedyellow - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedyellow - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedyellow - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedyellow - 5
chisel:glasspanedyedlightblue - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedlightblue - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedlightblue - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedlightblue - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedlightblue - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedlightblue - 5
chisel:glasspanedyedmagenta - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedmagenta - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedmagenta - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedmagenta - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedmagenta - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedmagenta - 5
chisel:glasspanedyedorange - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedorange - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedorange - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedorange - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedorange - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedorange - 5
chisel:glasspanedyedwhite - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedwhite - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedwhite - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedwhite - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedwhite - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedwhite - 5


paneGlassBlack
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 15
chisel:glasspanedyedblack - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedblack - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedblack - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedblack - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedblack - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedblack - 5


paneGlassBlue
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 11
chisel:glasspanedyedblue - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedblue - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedblue - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedblue - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedblue - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedblue - 5


paneGlassBrown
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 12
chisel:glasspanedyedbrown - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedbrown - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedbrown - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedbrown - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedbrown - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedbrown - 5


paneGlassColorless
minecraft:glass_pane - 0
chisel:glasspane - 0
chisel:glasspane - 1
chisel:glasspane - 2
chisel:glasspane - 3
chisel:glasspane - 4
chisel:glasspane - 5
chisel:glasspane - 6
chisel:glasspane - 7
chisel:glasspane - 8
chisel:glasspane - 9
chisel:glasspane - 10
chisel:glasspane - 11
chisel:glasspane - 12
chisel:glasspane - 13
chisel:glasspane - 14
chisel:glasspane - 15
chisel:glasspane1 - 0
chisel:glasspane1 - 1


paneGlassCyan
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 9
chisel:glasspanedyedcyan - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedcyan - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedcyan - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedcyan - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedcyan - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedcyan - 5


paneGlassGray
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 7
chisel:glasspanedyedgray - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedgray - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedgray - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedgray - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedgray - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedgray - 5


paneGlassGreen
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 13
chisel:glasspanedyedgreen - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedgreen - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedgreen - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedgreen - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedgreen - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedgreen - 5


paneGlassLightBlue
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedlightblue - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedlightblue - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedlightblue - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedlightblue - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedlightblue - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedlightblue - 5


paneGlassLightGray
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 8
chisel:glasspanedyedlightgray - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedlightgray - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedlightgray - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedlightgray - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedlightgray - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedlightgray - 5


paneGlassLime
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 5
chisel:glasspanedyedlime - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedlime - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedlime - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedlime - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedlime - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedlime - 5


paneGlassMagenta
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedmagenta - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedmagenta - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedmagenta - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedmagenta - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedmagenta - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedmagenta - 5


paneGlassOrange
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedorange - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedorange - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedorange - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedorange - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedorange - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedorange - 5


paneGlassPink
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 6
chisel:glasspanedyedpink - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedpink - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedpink - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedpink - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedpink - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedpink - 5


paneGlassPurple
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 10
chisel:glasspanedyedpurple - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedpurple - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedpurple - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedpurple - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedpurple - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedpurple - 5


paneGlassRed
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 14
chisel:glasspanedyedred - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedred - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedred - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedred - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedred - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedred - 5


paneGlassWhite
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedwhite - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedwhite - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedwhite - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedwhite - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedwhite - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedwhite - 5


paneGlassYellow
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedyellow - 0
chisel:glasspanedyedyellow - 1
chisel:glasspanedyedyellow - 2
chisel:glasspanedyedyellow - 3
chisel:glasspanedyedyellow - 4
chisel:glasspanedyedyellow - 5


paper
minecraft:paper - 0
primal:nether_papyrus - 0
primal:plant_papyrus - 0
mod_lavacow:curseweave_cloth - 0


papyrus
primal:nether_papyrus - 0
primal:plant_papyrus - 0


pelt
primal:pelt_animal - 0
primal:pelt_animal_large - 0
primal:pelt_bear_black - 0
primal:pelt_bear_brown - 0
primal:pelt_bear_polar - 0
primal:pelt_deer - 0
primal:pelt_cow - 0
primal:pelt_dog - 0
primal:pelt_pig - 0
primal:pelt_shark - 0
primal:pelt_gator - 0
primal:pelt_mooshroom - 0
primal:pelt_sheep - 0
primal:pelt_ovis - 0
primal:pelt_horse - 0
primal:pelt_donkey - 0
primal:pelt_mule - 0
primal:pelt_llama - 0
primal:pelt_wolf - 0


peltAnimal
primal:pelt_animal - 0
primal:pelt_animal_large - 0


peltAtre
primal:pelt_ovis - 0


peltBear
primal:pelt_bear_black - 0
primal:pelt_bear_brown - 0
primal:pelt_bear_polar - 0
betteranimalsplus:bear_skin_brown - 0
betteranimalsplus:bear_skin_black - 0
betteranimalsplus:bear_skin_kermode - 0


peltBearBlack
betteranimalsplus:bear_skin_black - 0


peltBearBrown
betteranimalsplus:bear_skin_brown - 0


peltBearKermode
betteranimalsplus:bear_skin_kermode - 0


peltCow
primal:pelt_cow - 0


peltDeer
primal:pelt_deer - 0


peltDonkey
primal:pelt_donkey - 0


peltFur
primal:pelt_deer - 0
primal:pelt_dog - 0
primal:pelt_wolf - 0


peltFurLarge
primal:pelt_bear_black - 0
primal:pelt_bear_brown - 0
primal:pelt_bear_polar - 0


peltGator
primal:pelt_gator - 0


peltHorse
primal:pelt_horse - 0


peltLarge
primal:pelt_animal_large - 0
primal:pelt_bear_black - 0
primal:pelt_bear_brown - 0
primal:pelt_bear_polar - 0
primal:pelt_cow - 0
primal:pelt_mooshroom - 0
primal:pelt_horse - 0
primal:pelt_donkey - 0
primal:pelt_mule - 0
primal:pelt_llama - 0


peltLlama
primal:pelt_llama - 0


peltMedium
primal:pelt_animal - 0
primal:pelt_deer - 0
primal:pelt_dog - 0
primal:pelt_pig - 0
primal:pelt_shark - 0
primal:pelt_gator - 0
primal:pelt_sheep - 0
primal:pelt_ovis - 0
primal:pelt_wolf - 0


peltMooshroom
primal:pelt_mooshroom - 0


peltMule
primal:pelt_mule - 0


peltPig
primal:pelt_pig - 0


peltShark
primal:pelt_shark - 0


peltSheep
primal:pelt_sheep - 0


peltSmall
minecraft:rabbit_hide - 0


peltWolf
primal:pelt_dog - 0
primal:pelt_wolf - 0
betteranimalsplus:wolf_pelt_black - 0
betteranimalsplus:wolf_pelt_snowy - 0
betteranimalsplus:wolf_pelt_timber - 0


petalAconite
primal:aconite_petal - 0


pinBasic
primal:corypha_pin - 0
primal:wood_pin - 0
primal:iron_pin - 0


pinIron
primal:iron_pin - 0


pinMetal
primal:iron_pin - 0


pinNether
primal:corypha_pin - 0


pinWood
primal:corypha_pin - 0
primal:wood_pin - 0


piston
minecraft:piston - 0


pitfall
primal:pitfall - any


plankAcacia
minecraft:planks - 4


plankBirch
minecraft:planks - 2


plankCorypha
primal:planks - 3


plankDarkOak
minecraft:planks - 5


plankIronwood
primal:planks - 0


plankJungle
minecraft:planks - 3


plankLacquer
primal:planks - 2


plankOak
minecraft:planks - 0


plankSpruce
minecraft:planks - 1


plankTreatedWood
primal:planks - 2


plankWood
minecraft:planks - any
chisel:planks-oak - 0
chisel:planks-oak - 1
chisel:planks-oak - 2
chisel:planks-oak - 3
chisel:planks-oak - 4
chisel:planks-oak - 5
chisel:planks-oak - 6
chisel:planks-oak - 7
chisel:planks-oak - 8
chisel:planks-oak - 9
chisel:planks-oak - 10
chisel:planks-oak - 11
chisel:planks-oak - 12
chisel:planks-oak - 13
chisel:planks-oak - 14
chisel:planks-spruce - 0
chisel:planks-spruce - 1
chisel:planks-spruce - 2
chisel:planks-spruce - 3
chisel:planks-spruce - 4
chisel:planks-spruce - 5
chisel:planks-spruce - 6
chisel:planks-spruce - 7
chisel:planks-spruce - 8
chisel:planks-spruce - 9
chisel:planks-spruce - 10
chisel:planks-spruce - 11
chisel:planks-spruce - 12
chisel:planks-spruce - 13
chisel:planks-spruce - 14
chisel:planks-birch - 0
chisel:planks-birch - 1
chisel:planks-birch - 2
chisel:planks-birch - 3
chisel:planks-birch - 4
chisel:planks-birch - 5
chisel:planks-birch - 6
chisel:planks-birch - 7
chisel:planks-birch - 8
chisel:planks-birch - 9
chisel:planks-birch - 10
chisel:planks-birch - 11
chisel:planks-birch - 12
chisel:planks-birch - 13
chisel:planks-birch - 14
chisel:planks-jungle - 0
chisel:planks-jungle - 1
chisel:planks-jungle - 2
chisel:planks-jungle - 3
chisel:planks-jungle - 4
chisel:planks-jungle - 5
chisel:planks-jungle - 6
chisel:planks-jungle - 7
chisel:planks-jungle - 8
chisel:planks-jungle - 9
chisel:planks-jungle - 10
chisel:planks-jungle - 11
chisel:planks-jungle - 12
chisel:planks-jungle - 13
chisel:planks-jungle - 14
chisel:planks-acacia - 0
chisel:planks-acacia - 1
chisel:planks-acacia - 2
chisel:planks-acacia - 3
chisel:planks-acacia - 4
chisel:planks-acacia - 5
chisel:planks-acacia - 6
chisel:planks-acacia - 7
chisel:planks-acacia - 8
chisel:planks-acacia - 9
chisel:planks-acacia - 10
chisel:planks-acacia - 11
chisel:planks-acacia - 12
chisel:planks-acacia - 13
chisel:planks-acacia - 14
chisel:planks-dark-oak - 0
chisel:planks-dark-oak - 1
chisel:planks-dark-oak - 2
chisel:planks-dark-oak - 3
chisel:planks-dark-oak - 4
chisel:planks-dark-oak - 5
chisel:planks-dark-oak - 6
chisel:planks-dark-oak - 7
chisel:planks-dark-oak - 8
chisel:planks-dark-oak - 9
chisel:planks-dark-oak - 10
chisel:planks-dark-oak - 11
chisel:planks-dark-oak - 12
chisel:planks-dark-oak - 13
chisel:planks-dark-oak - 14
primal:planks - 0
primal:planks - 1
primal:planks - 2
primal:planks - 3
pvj:planks_willow - 0
pvj:planks_mangrove - 0
pvj:planks_palm - 0
pvj:planks_redwood - 0
pvj:planks_fir - 0
pvj:planks_pine - 0
pvj:planks_aspen - 0
pvj:planks_maple - 0
pvj:planks_baobab - 0
pvj:planks_cottonwood - 0
pvj:planks_juniper - 0
pvj:planks_cherry_blossom - 0
pvj:planks_jacaranda - 0


plankYew
primal:planks - 1


plantCineris
primal:nether_root - 0


plantDaucusFronds
primal:daucus_murn_fronds - 0


plantDry
minecraft:wheat - 0
primal:nether_tinder - 0
primal:plant_tinder - 0
primal:daucus_murn_fronds_withered - 0
primal:valus_stalk_withered - 0
primal:thatching_dry - 0
primal:thatching_nether - 0


plantInaris
primal:void_grass_root - 0


plantPaper
primal:daucus_murn_fronds_withered - 0
primal:valus_stalk_withered - 0
primal:corn_stalk_dry - 0


plateAdamant
primal:adamant_plate - 0


plateAluminum
primal:aluminum_plate - 0


plateBoron


plateBrass
primal:brass_plate - 0


plateBronze
primal:bronze_plate - 0


plateCarbon
primal:carbon_plate - 0


plateConstantan


plateCopper
primal:copper_plate - 0


plateCrudeIron
primal:crude_iron_plate - 0


plateDiamond
primal:diamond_plate - 0


plateElectrum


plateGold
primal:gold_plate - 0


plateIron
primal:iron_plate - 0


plateLead
primal:lead_plate - 0


plateLithium


plateMagnesium


plateNickel
primal:nickel_plate - 0


plateObsidian
primal:obsidian_plate - 0


plateOsmium


platePlatinum
primal:platinum_plate - 0


plateShibuichi
primal:shibuichi_plate - 0


plateSilver
primal:silver_plate - 0


plateSteel
primal:steel_plate - 0
primal:tamahagane_plate - 0


plateTamahagane
primal:tamahagane_plate - 0


plateThaumium


plateThorium


plateTin
primal:tin_plate - 0


plateUranium


plateVanadium
primal:vanadium_plate - 0


plateVoid


plateWootz
primal:wootz_plate - 0


plateYellorium


plateZinc
primal:zinc_plate - 0


pointBone
primal:bone_point - 0


pointDiamond
primal:diamond_point - 0


pointEmerald
primal:emerald_point - 0


pointFlint
primal:flint_point - 0


pointObsidian
primal:obsidian_point - 0


pointOpal
primal:opal_point - 0


pointQuartz
primal:quartz_point - 0


portionFish


portionMeat


portionSalt
primal:salt_dust_netjry - 0
primal:salt_dust_rock - 0
primal:salt_dust_fire - 0
primal:salt_dust_void - 0


potatoRotten
primal:potato_rotten - 0


preservedEgg
primal:egg_death - 0


preserver
foodfunk:esky - 0
foodfunk:freezer - 0
foodfunk:icebox - 0
foodfunk:larder - 0


prismarine
chisel:prismarine - 0
chisel:prismarine - 1
chisel:prismarine - 2
chisel:prismarine - 3
chisel:prismarine - 4
chisel:prismarine - 5
chisel:prismarine - 6
chisel:prismarine - 7
chisel:prismarine - 8
chisel:prismarine - 9
chisel:prismarine - 10
chisel:prismarine - 11
chisel:prismarine - 12
chisel:prismarine - 13
chisel:prismarine - 14
chisel:prismarine - 15
chisel:prismarine1 - 0
chisel:prismarine1 - 1
chisel:prismarine1 - 2
chisel:prismarine1 - 3
chisel:prismarine1 - 4
chisel:prismarine1 - 5
chisel:prismarine1 - 6
chisel:prismarine1 - 7
chisel:prismarine1 - 8
chisel:prismarine1 - 9
chisel:prismarine2 - 0
chisel:prismarine2 - 1
chisel:prismarine2 - 2
chisel:prismarine2 - 3
chisel:prismarine2 - 4
chisel:prismarine2 - 5


prismarineBrick
chisel:prismarine - 0
chisel:prismarine - 1
chisel:prismarine - 2
chisel:prismarine - 3
chisel:prismarine - 4
chisel:prismarine - 5
chisel:prismarine - 6
chisel:prismarine - 7
chisel:prismarine - 8
chisel:prismarine - 9
chisel:prismarine - 10
chisel:prismarine - 11
chisel:prismarine - 12
chisel:prismarine - 13
chisel:prismarine - 14
chisel:prismarine - 15
chisel:prismarine1 - 0
chisel:prismarine1 - 1
chisel:prismarine1 - 2
chisel:prismarine1 - 3
chisel:prismarine1 - 4
chisel:prismarine1 - 5
chisel:prismarine1 - 6
chisel:prismarine1 - 7
chisel:prismarine1 - 8
chisel:prismarine1 - 9
chisel:prismarine2 - 0
chisel:prismarine2 - 1
chisel:prismarine2 - 2
chisel:prismarine2 - 3
chisel:prismarine2 - 4
chisel:prismarine2 - 5


prismarineDark
chisel:prismarine - 0
chisel:prismarine - 1
chisel:prismarine - 2
chisel:prismarine - 3
chisel:prismarine - 4
chisel:prismarine - 5
chisel:prismarine - 6
chisel:prismarine - 7
chisel:prismarine - 8
chisel:prismarine - 9
chisel:prismarine - 10
chisel:prismarine - 11
chisel:prismarine - 12
chisel:prismarine - 13
chisel:prismarine - 14
chisel:prismarine - 15
chisel:prismarine1 - 0
chisel:prismarine1 - 1
chisel:prismarine1 - 2
chisel:prismarine1 - 3
chisel:prismarine1 - 4
chisel:prismarine1 - 5
chisel:prismarine1 - 6
chisel:prismarine1 - 7
chisel:prismarine1 - 8
chisel:prismarine1 - 9
chisel:prismarine2 - 0
chisel:prismarine2 - 1
chisel:prismarine2 - 2
chisel:prismarine2 - 3
chisel:prismarine2 - 4
chisel:prismarine2 - 5


pulp
primal:plant_fiber_pulp - 0


quern
primal:quern - any


rail
minecraft:rail - 0
minecraft:activator_rail - 0
minecraft:detector_rail - 0
minecraft:golden_rail - 0


record
minecraft:record_13 - 0
minecraft:record_cat - 0
minecraft:record_blocks - 0
minecraft:record_chirp - 0
minecraft:record_far - 0
minecraft:record_mall - 0
minecraft:record_mellohi - 0
minecraft:record_stal - 0
minecraft:record_strad - 0
minecraft:record_ward - 0
minecraft:record_11 - 0
minecraft:record_wait - 0
industrialrenewal:record_royal_entrance - 0


redstonesand
primal:redstone_sand - 0


resin
primal:sinuous_resin - 0


resinSinuous
primal:sinuous_resin - 0


ringIron
primal:iron_ring - 0


rock
primal:rock_stone - 0
primal:rock_andesite - 0
primal:rock_diorite - 0
primal:rock_granite - 0
primal:rock_netherrack - 0
primal:rock_end - 0


rockAndesite
primal:rock_andesite - 0


rockDiorite
primal:rock_diorite - 0


rockEnd
primal:rock_end - 0


rockGranite
primal:rock_granite - 0


rockNetherrack
primal:rock_netherrack - 0


rockStone
primal:rock_stone - 0


rocks
pvj:andesite_rocks - 0
pvj:diorite_rocks - 0
pvj:granite_rocks - 0
pvj:stone_rocks - 0
pvj:cobblestone_rocks - 0
pvj:sandstone_rocks - 0
pvj:red_sandstone_rocks - 0
pvj:mossy_cobblestone_rocks - 0


rodBlaze
minecraft:blaze_rod - 0


rotten
foodfunk:rotten_food - 0
foodfunk:spoiled_milk - 0
foodfunk:rotted_item - 0
foodfunk:biodegradable_item - 0


saltSpecial
primal:salt_dust_netjry - 0
primal:salt_dust_fire - 0
primal:salt_dust_void - 0


sand
minecraft:sand - any


sandRedstone
primal:redstone_sand - 0


sandstone
minecraft:sandstone - any
minecraft:red_sandstone - any
chisel:sandstoneyellow - 0
chisel:sandstoneyellow - 1
chisel:sandstoneyellow - 2
chisel:sandstoneyellow - 3
chisel:sandstoneyellow - 4
chisel:sandstoneyellow - 5
chisel:sandstoneyellow - 6
chisel:sandstoneyellow - 7
chisel:sandstoneyellow - 8
chisel:sandstoneyellow - 9
chisel:sandstoneyellow - 10
chisel:sandstoneyellow - 11
chisel:sandstoneyellow - 12
chisel:sandstoneyellow - 13
chisel:sandstoneyellow - 14
chisel:sandstoneyellow - 15
chisel:sandstoneyellow1 - 0
chisel:sandstoneyellow1 - 1
chisel:sandstoneyellow1 - 2
chisel:sandstoneyellow1 - 3
chisel:sandstoneyellow1 - 4
chisel:sandstoneyellow1 - 5
chisel:sandstoneyellow1 - 6
chisel:sandstoneyellow1 - 7
chisel:sandstoneyellow1 - 8
chisel:sandstoneyellow1 - 9
chisel:sandstoneyellow2 - 0
chisel:sandstoneyellow2 - 1
chisel:sandstoneyellow2 - 2
chisel:sandstoneyellow2 - 3
chisel:sandstoneyellow2 - 4
chisel:sandstoneyellow2 - 5
chisel:sandstoneyellow2 - 6
chisel:sandstoneyellow2 - 7
chisel:sandstonered - 0
chisel:sandstonered - 1
chisel:sandstonered - 2
chisel:sandstonered - 3
chisel:sandstonered - 4
chisel:sandstonered - 5
chisel:sandstonered - 6
chisel:sandstonered - 7
chisel:sandstonered - 8
chisel:sandstonered - 9
chisel:sandstonered - 10
chisel:sandstonered - 11
chisel:sandstonered - 12
chisel:sandstonered - 13
chisel:sandstonered - 14
chisel:sandstonered - 15
chisel:sandstonered1 - 0
chisel:sandstonered1 - 1
chisel:sandstonered1 - 2
chisel:sandstonered1 - 3
chisel:sandstonered1 - 4
chisel:sandstonered1 - 5
chisel:sandstonered1 - 6
chisel:sandstonered1 - 7
chisel:sandstonered1 - 8
chisel:sandstonered1 - 9
chisel:sandstonered2 - 0
chisel:sandstonered2 - 1
chisel:sandstonered2 - 2
chisel:sandstonered2 - 3
chisel:sandstonered2 - 4
chisel:sandstonered2 - 5
chisel:sandstonered2 - 6
chisel:sandstonered2 - 7
chisel:sandstone-scribbles - 0
chisel:sandstone-scribbles - 1
chisel:sandstone-scribbles - 2
chisel:sandstone-scribbles - 3
chisel:sandstone-scribbles - 4
chisel:sandstone-scribbles - 5
chisel:sandstone-scribbles - 6
chisel:sandstone-scribbles - 7
chisel:sandstone-scribbles - 8
chisel:sandstone-scribbles - 9
chisel:sandstone-scribbles - 10
chisel:sandstone-scribbles - 11
chisel:sandstone-scribbles - 12
chisel:sandstone-scribbles - 13
chisel:sandstone-scribbles - 14
chisel:sandstone-scribbles - 15
chisel:sandstonered-scribbles - 0
chisel:sandstonered-scribbles - 1
chisel:sandstonered-scribbles - 2
chisel:sandstonered-scribbles - 3
chisel:sandstonered-scribbles - 4
chisel:sandstonered-scribbles - 5
chisel:sandstonered-scribbles - 6
chisel:sandstonered-scribbles - 7
chisel:sandstonered-scribbles - 8
chisel:sandstonered-scribbles - 9
chisel:sandstonered-scribbles - 10
chisel:sandstonered-scribbles - 11
chisel:sandstonered-scribbles - 12
chisel:sandstonered-scribbles - 13
chisel:sandstonered-scribbles - 14
chisel:sandstonered-scribbles - 15


sawStone
industrialrenewal:steel_saw - 0


seed
primal:corn_seeds - 0
primal:rush_seeds - 0
primal:dry_grass_root - 0
primal:dry_grass_seed - 0
primal:nether_root - 0
primal:nether_seed - 0
primal:searing_ember - 0
primal:daucus_murn_seeds - 0
primal:valus_seed - 0
primal:corypha_seed - 0
primal:void_grass_root - 0
primal:void_seed - 0
primal:sinuous_spore - 0
primal:mold_spore - 0
primal:devils_tongue_tendril - 0
primal:aconite_root - 0
primal:yew_seed - 0
primal:yew_aril - 0
primal:tall_grass_seeds - 0
minecraft:wheat_seeds - 0
minecraft:pumpkin_seeds - 0
minecraft:melon_seeds - 0
minecraft:beetroot_seeds - 0


seedAconite
primal:aconite_root - 0


seedBeetroot
minecraft:beetroot_seeds - 0


seedCorn
primal:corn_seeds - 0
xlfoodmod:corn_seeds - 0


seedCorypha
primal:corypha_seed - 0


seedCucumber
xlfoodmod:cucumber_seeds - 0


seedDaucus
primal:daucus_murn_seeds - 0


seedDevilstongue
primal:devils_tongue_tendril - 0


seedDryGrass
primal:dry_grass_seed - 0


seedDryGrass, thatchingMaterialBasic
primal:dry_grass_root - 0


seedEmber
primal:searing_ember - 0


seedGrassInaris
primal:void_grass_root - 0
primal:void_seed - 0


seedGrassNether
primal:nether_root - 0
primal:nether_seed - 0


seedLettuce
xlfoodmod:lettuce_seeds - 0


seedMelon
minecraft:melon_seeds - 0


seedMold
primal:mold_spore - 0


seedOnion
xlfoodmod:onion - 0


seedPumpkin
minecraft:pumpkin_seeds - 0


seedRice
xlfoodmod:rice_seeds - 0


seedRush
primal:rush_seeds - 0


seedSinuous
primal:sinuous_spore - 0


seedStrawberry
xlfoodmod:strawberry_seeds - 0


seedTallGrass
primal:tall_grass_seeds - 0


seedTomato
xlfoodmod:tomato_seeds - 0


seedValus
primal:valus_seed - 0


seedWheat
minecraft:wheat_seeds - 0


seedYew
primal:yew_seed - 0


shardObsidian
primal:obsidian_shard - 0


sharpbone
primal:sharp_bone - any


shelfWood
primal:shelf_half - any


shulkerBox
minecraft:white_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:orange_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:magenta_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:light_blue_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:yellow_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:lime_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:pink_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:gray_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:silver_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:cyan_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:purple_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:blue_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:brown_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:green_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:red_shulker_box - 0
minecraft:black_shulker_box - 0


shulkerShell
minecraft:shulker_shell - 0


skinBear
betteranimalsplus:bear_skin_brown - 0
betteranimalsplus:bear_skin_black - 0
betteranimalsplus:bear_skin_kermode - 0


skinBearBlack
betteranimalsplus:bear_skin_black - 0


skinBearBrown
betteranimalsplus:bear_skin_brown - 0


skinBearKermode
betteranimalsplus:bear_skin_kermode - 0


skull
minecraft:skull - any


skullCreeper
minecraft:skull - 4


skullDragon
minecraft:skull - 5


skullPlayer
minecraft:skull - 3


skullSkeleton
minecraft:skull - 0


skullWithered
minecraft:skull - 1


skullZombie
minecraft:skull - 2


slabAcacia
minecraft:wooden_slab - 4


slabBirch
minecraft:wooden_slab - 2


slabCorypha
primal:slab_corypha - any


slabDarkOak
minecraft:wooden_slab - 5


slabIronwood
primal:slab_ironwood - any


slabJungle
minecraft:wooden_slab - 3


slabLacquer
primal:slab_lacquer - any


slabLacquerNormal
primal:slab_lacquer - any


slabNetherEarth
primal:slab_netherearth - any


slabNetherStone
primal:slab_netherstone - any


slabOak
minecraft:wooden_slab - 0


slabSpruce
minecraft:wooden_slab - 1


slabWood
minecraft:wooden_slab - any
pvj:willow_slab - 0
pvj:mangrove_slab - 0
pvj:palm_slab - 0
pvj:redwood_slab - 0
pvj:fir_slab - 0
pvj:pine_slab - 0
pvj:aspen_slab - 0
pvj:maple_slab - 0
pvj:baobab_slab - 0
pvj:cottonwood_slab - 0
pvj:juniper_slab - 0
pvj:cherry_blossom_slab - 0
pvj:jacaranda_slab - 0


slabYew
primal:slab_yew - any


slackGlass


slackLime
primal:carbonate_slack - 0
primal:ferro_slack - 0


slag
primal:slag - 0


slatAcacia
primal:slat_acacia - any


slatBirch
primal:slat_birch - any


slatCorypha
primal:slat_corypha - any


slatDarkOak
primal:slat_bigoak - any


slatIron
primal:slat_iron - any


slatIronwood
primal:slat_ironwood - any


slatJungle
primal:slat_jungle - any


slatLacquer
primal:slat_lacquer - any


slatMetal
primal:slat_iron - any


slatOak
primal:slat_oak - any


slatSpruce
primal:slat_spruce - any


slatWood
primal:slat_oak - any
primal:slat_spruce - any
primal:slat_birch - any
primal:slat_jungle - any
primal:slat_acacia - any
primal:slat_bigoak - any
primal:slat_ironwood - any
primal:slat_yew - any
primal:slat_corypha - any
primal:slat_lacquer - any


slatYew
primal:slat_yew - any


slimeball
minecraft:slime_ball - 0
minecraft:magma_cream - 0
primal:muck - 0
primal:muck_molten - 0
primal:sinuous_resin - 0
mod_lavacow:silky_sludge - 0


smelter
primal:smelter - any


soulglass
primal:soulglass - any


soulresidue
primal:soul_residue - 0


soulsand
minecraft:soul_sand - 0


specialCarbon
primal:fermented_jungle - 0
primal:ash_wolf - 0
primal:ash_bone - 0
primal:ash_yew - 0
primal:ash_ironwood - 0


splitAcacia
primal:logs_split_acacia - 0


splitBirch
primal:logs_split_birch - 0


splitCorypha
primal:logs_split_corypha - 0


splitDarkOak
primal:logs_split_bigoak - 0


splitIronwood
primal:logs_split_ironwood - 0


splitJungle
primal:logs_split_jungle - 0


splitOak
primal:logs_split_oak - 0


splitSpruce
primal:logs_split_spruce - 0


splitYew
primal:logs_split_yew - 0


splitkCorypha


spongeIron
industrialrenewal:sponge_iron - 0


sprigAconite
primal:aconite_sprig - 0


stackedAcacia
primal:logs_stacked - 4
primal:logs_stacked_corypha - 4


stackedBirch
primal:logs_stacked - 2
primal:logs_stacked_corypha - 2


stackedDarkOak
primal:logs_stacked - 5
primal:logs_stacked_corypha - 5


stackedIronwood
primal:logs_stacked - 6
primal:logs_stacked_corypha - 6


stackedJungle
primal:logs_stacked - 3
primal:logs_stacked_corypha - 3


stackedOak
primal:logs_stacked - 0
primal:logs_stacked_corypha - 0


stackedSpruce
primal:logs_stacked - 1
primal:logs_stacked_corypha - 1


stackedYew
primal:logs_stacked - 7
primal:logs_stacked_corypha - 7


stairWood
minecraft:oak_stairs - 0
minecraft:spruce_stairs - 0
minecraft:birch_stairs - 0
minecraft:jungle_stairs - 0
minecraft:acacia_stairs - 0
minecraft:dark_oak_stairs - 0
pvj:willow_stairs - 0
pvj:mangrove_stairs - 0
pvj:palm_stairs - 0
pvj:redwood_stairs - 0
pvj:fir_stairs - 0
pvj:pine_stairs - 0
pvj:aspen_stairs - 0
pvj:maple_stairs - 0
pvj:baobab_stairs - 0
pvj:cottonwood_stairs - 0
pvj:juniper_stairs - 0
pvj:cherry_blossom_stairs - 0
pvj:jacaranda_stairs - 0


stalkCorn
primal:corn_stalk_wet - 0


stalkDryCorn
primal:corn_stalk_dry - 0


stalkDryValue
primal:valus_stalk_withered - 0


stalkValus
primal:valus_stalk_fresh - 0


standCopper
primal:copper_strand - 0


stick


stickCorypha
primal:corypha_stick - 0


stickIron
industrialrenewal:stick_iron - 0


stickIronwood
primal:ironwood_stick - 0


stickLacquer
primal:lacquer_stick - 0


stickNether
primal:corypha_stick - 0


stickSteel
industrialrenewal:stick_steel - 0


stickTreatedWood
primal:lacquer_stick - 0


stickWood
minecraft:stick - 0
primal:ironwood_stick - 0
primal:yew_stick - 0
primal:corypha_stick - 0
mod_lavacow:mossy_stick - 0


stickYew
primal:yew_stick - 0


stone
minecraft:stone - 0
chisel:stonebrick - 0
chisel:stonebrick - 1
chisel:stonebrick - 2
chisel:stonebrick - 3
chisel:stonebrick - 4
chisel:stonebrick - 5
chisel:stonebrick - 6
chisel:stonebrick - 7
chisel:stonebrick - 8
chisel:stonebrick - 9
chisel:stonebrick - 10
chisel:stonebrick - 11
chisel:stonebrick - 12
chisel:stonebrick - 13
chisel:stonebrick - 14
chisel:stonebrick - 15
chisel:stonebrick1 - 0
chisel:stonebrick1 - 1
chisel:stonebrick1 - 2
chisel:stonebrick1 - 3
chisel:stonebrick1 - 4
chisel:stonebrick1 - 5
chisel:stonebrick1 - 6
chisel:stonebrick1 - 7
chisel:stonebrick1 - 8
chisel:stonebrick1 - 9
chisel:stonebrick2 - 0
chisel:stonebrick2 - 1
chisel:stonebrick2 - 2
chisel:stonebrick2 - 3
chisel:stonebrick2 - 4
chisel:stonebrick2 - 5
chisel:stonebrick2 - 6
chisel:stonebrick2 - 7
chisel:stonebrick2 - 8
chisel:stonebrick2 - 9


stoneAndesite
minecraft:stone - 5
chisel:andesite - 0
chisel:andesite - 1
chisel:andesite - 2
chisel:andesite - 3
chisel:andesite - 4
chisel:andesite - 5
chisel:andesite - 6
chisel:andesite - 7
chisel:andesite - 8
chisel:andesite - 9
chisel:andesite - 10
chisel:andesite - 11
chisel:andesite - 12
chisel:andesite - 13
chisel:andesite - 14
chisel:andesite - 15
chisel:andesite1 - 0
chisel:andesite1 - 1
chisel:andesite1 - 2
chisel:andesite1 - 3
chisel:andesite1 - 4
chisel:andesite1 - 5
chisel:andesite1 - 6
chisel:andesite1 - 7
chisel:andesite1 - 8
chisel:andesite1 - 9
chisel:andesite1 - 10
chisel:andesite1 - 11
chisel:andesite1 - 12
chisel:andesite1 - 13
chisel:andesite1 - 14
chisel:andesite1 - 15
chisel:andesite2 - 0


stoneAndesitePolished
minecraft:stone - 6
chisel:andesite - 0
chisel:andesite - 1
chisel:andesite - 2
chisel:andesite - 3
chisel:andesite - 4
chisel:andesite - 5
chisel:andesite - 6
chisel:andesite - 7
chisel:andesite - 8
chisel:andesite - 9
chisel:andesite - 10
chisel:andesite - 11
chisel:andesite - 12
chisel:andesite - 13
chisel:andesite - 14
chisel:andesite - 15
chisel:andesite1 - 0
chisel:andesite1 - 1
chisel:andesite1 - 2
chisel:andesite1 - 3
chisel:andesite1 - 4
chisel:andesite1 - 5
chisel:andesite1 - 6
chisel:andesite1 - 7
chisel:andesite1 - 8
chisel:andesite1 - 9
chisel:andesite1 - 10
chisel:andesite1 - 11
chisel:andesite1 - 12
chisel:andesite1 - 13
chisel:andesite1 - 14
chisel:andesite1 - 15
chisel:andesite2 - 0


stoneBasalt
chisel:basalt - 0
chisel:basalt - 1
chisel:basalt - 2
chisel:basalt - 3
chisel:basalt - 4
chisel:basalt - 5
chisel:basalt - 6
chisel:basalt - 7
chisel:basalt - 8
chisel:basalt - 9
chisel:basalt - 10
chisel:basalt - 11
chisel:basalt - 12
chisel:basalt - 13
chisel:basalt - 14
chisel:basalt - 15
chisel:basalt1 - 0
chisel:basalt1 - 1
chisel:basalt1 - 2
chisel:basalt1 - 3
chisel:basalt1 - 4
chisel:basalt1 - 5
chisel:basalt1 - 6
chisel:basalt1 - 7
chisel:basalt1 - 8
chisel:basalt1 - 9
chisel:basalt2 - 0
chisel:basalt2 - 1
chisel:basalt2 - 2
chisel:basalt2 - 3
chisel:basalt2 - 4
chisel:basalt2 - 5
chisel:basalt2 - 6
chisel:basalt2 - 7


stoneBasaltPolished
chisel:basalt - 0
chisel:basalt - 1
chisel:basalt - 2
chisel:basalt - 3
chisel:basalt - 4
chisel:basalt - 5
chisel:basalt - 6
chisel:basalt - 7
chisel:basalt - 8
chisel:basalt - 9
chisel:basalt - 10
chisel:basalt - 11
chisel:basalt - 12
chisel:basalt - 13
chisel:basalt - 14
chisel:basalt - 15
chisel:basalt1 - 0
chisel:basalt1 - 1
chisel:basalt1 - 2
chisel:basalt1 - 3
chisel:basalt1 - 4
chisel:basalt1 - 5
chisel:basalt1 - 6
chisel:basalt1 - 7
chisel:basalt1 - 8
chisel:basalt1 - 9
chisel:basalt2 - 0
chisel:basalt2 - 1
chisel:basalt2 - 2
chisel:basalt2 - 3
chisel:basalt2 - 4
chisel:basalt2 - 5
chisel:basalt2 - 6
chisel:basalt2 - 7


stoneBlue
primal:blue_stone - any


stoneCarbonate
primal:ferro_stone - any
primal:carbonate_stone - any


stoneCommon
primal:common_stone - any


stoneDesiccated
primal:desiccated_stone - any


stoneDiorite
minecraft:stone - 3
chisel:diorite - 0
chisel:diorite - 1
chisel:diorite - 2
chisel:diorite - 3
chisel:diorite - 4
chisel:diorite - 5
chisel:diorite - 6
chisel:diorite - 7
chisel:diorite - 8
chisel:diorite - 9
chisel:diorite - 10
chisel:diorite - 11
chisel:diorite - 12
chisel:diorite - 13
chisel:diorite - 14
chisel:diorite - 15
chisel:diorite1 - 0
chisel:diorite1 - 1
chisel:diorite1 - 2
chisel:diorite1 - 3
chisel:diorite1 - 4
chisel:diorite1 - 5
chisel:diorite1 - 6
chisel:diorite1 - 7
chisel:diorite1 - 8
chisel:diorite1 - 9
chisel:diorite1 - 10
chisel:diorite1 - 11
chisel:diorite1 - 12
chisel:diorite1 - 13
chisel:diorite1 - 14
chisel:diorite1 - 15
chisel:diorite2 - 0


stoneDioritePolished
minecraft:stone - 4
chisel:diorite - 0
chisel:diorite - 1
chisel:diorite - 2
chisel:diorite - 3
chisel:diorite - 4
chisel:diorite - 5
chisel:diorite - 6
chisel:diorite - 7
chisel:diorite - 8
chisel:diorite - 9
chisel:diorite - 10
chisel:diorite - 11
chisel:diorite - 12
chisel:diorite - 13
chisel:diorite - 14
chisel:diorite - 15
chisel:diorite1 - 0
chisel:diorite1 - 1
chisel:diorite1 - 2
chisel:diorite1 - 3
chisel:diorite1 - 4
chisel:diorite1 - 5
chisel:diorite1 - 6
chisel:diorite1 - 7
chisel:diorite1 - 8
chisel:diorite1 - 9
chisel:diorite1 - 10
chisel:diorite1 - 11
chisel:diorite1 - 12
chisel:diorite1 - 13
chisel:diorite1 - 14
chisel:diorite1 - 15
chisel:diorite2 - 0


stoneEnd
primal:eroded_end_stone - any


stoneEndEroded
primal:eroded_end_stone - any


stoneFerro
primal:ferro_stone - any


stoneGranite
minecraft:stone - 1
chisel:granite - 0
chisel:granite - 1
chisel:granite - 2
chisel:granite - 3
chisel:granite - 4
chisel:granite - 5
chisel:granite - 6
chisel:granite - 7
chisel:granite - 8
chisel:granite - 9
chisel:granite - 10
chisel:granite - 11
chisel:granite - 12
chisel:granite - 13
chisel:granite - 14
chisel:granite - 15
chisel:granite1 - 0
chisel:granite1 - 1
chisel:granite1 - 2
chisel:granite1 - 3
chisel:granite1 - 4
chisel:granite1 - 5
chisel:granite1 - 6
chisel:granite1 - 7
chisel:granite1 - 8
chisel:granite1 - 9
chisel:granite1 - 10
chisel:granite1 - 11
chisel:granite1 - 12
chisel:granite1 - 13
chisel:granite1 - 14
chisel:granite1 - 15
chisel:granite2 - 0


stoneGranitePolished
minecraft:stone - 2
chisel:granite - 0
chisel:granite - 1
chisel:granite - 2
chisel:granite - 3
chisel:granite - 4
chisel:granite - 5
chisel:granite - 6
chisel:granite - 7
chisel:granite - 8
chisel:granite - 9
chisel:granite - 10
chisel:granite - 11
chisel:granite - 12
chisel:granite - 13
chisel:granite - 14
chisel:granite - 15
chisel:granite1 - 0
chisel:granite1 - 1
chisel:granite1 - 2
chisel:granite1 - 3
chisel:granite1 - 4
chisel:granite1 - 5
chisel:granite1 - 6
chisel:granite1 - 7
chisel:granite1 - 8
chisel:granite1 - 9
chisel:granite1 - 10
chisel:granite1 - 11
chisel:granite1 - 12
chisel:granite1 - 13
chisel:granite1 - 14
chisel:granite1 - 15
chisel:granite2 - 0


stoneLime
primal:carbonate_stone - any


stoneLimestone
chisel:limestone - 0
chisel:limestone - 1
chisel:limestone - 2
chisel:limestone - 3
chisel:limestone - 4
chisel:limestone - 5
chisel:limestone - 6
chisel:limestone - 7
chisel:limestone - 8
chisel:limestone - 9
chisel:limestone - 10
chisel:limestone - 11
chisel:limestone - 12
chisel:limestone - 13
chisel:limestone - 14
chisel:limestone - 15
chisel:limestone1 - 0
chisel:limestone1 - 1
chisel:limestone1 - 2
chisel:limestone1 - 3
chisel:limestone1 - 4
chisel:limestone1 - 5
chisel:limestone1 - 6
chisel:limestone1 - 7
chisel:limestone1 - 8
chisel:limestone1 - 9
chisel:limestone2 - 0
chisel:limestone2 - 1
chisel:limestone2 - 2
chisel:limestone2 - 3
chisel:limestone2 - 4
chisel:limestone2 - 5
chisel:limestone2 - 6
chisel:limestone2 - 7


stoneLimestonePolished
chisel:limestone - 0
chisel:limestone - 1
chisel:limestone - 2
chisel:limestone - 3
chisel:limestone - 4
chisel:limestone - 5
chisel:limestone - 6
chisel:limestone - 7
chisel:limestone - 8
chisel:limestone - 9
chisel:limestone - 10
chisel:limestone - 11
chisel:limestone - 12
chisel:limestone - 13
chisel:limestone - 14
chisel:limestone - 15
chisel:limestone1 - 0
chisel:limestone1 - 1
chisel:limestone1 - 2
chisel:limestone1 - 3
chisel:limestone1 - 4
chisel:limestone1 - 5
chisel:limestone1 - 6
chisel:limestone1 - 7
chisel:limestone1 - 8
chisel:limestone1 - 9
chisel:limestone2 - 0
chisel:limestone2 - 1
chisel:limestone2 - 2
chisel:limestone2 - 3
chisel:limestone2 - 4
chisel:limestone2 - 5
chisel:limestone2 - 6
chisel:limestone2 - 7


stoneMarble
chisel:marble - 0
chisel:marble - 1
chisel:marble - 2
chisel:marble - 3
chisel:marble - 4
chisel:marble - 5
chisel:marble - 6
chisel:marble - 7
chisel:marble - 8
chisel:marble - 9
chisel:marble - 10
chisel:marble - 11
chisel:marble - 12
chisel:marble - 13
chisel:marble - 14
chisel:marble - 15
chisel:marble1 - 0
chisel:marble1 - 1
chisel:marble1 - 2
chisel:marble1 - 3
chisel:marble1 - 4
chisel:marble1 - 5
chisel:marble1 - 6
chisel:marble1 - 7
chisel:marble1 - 8
chisel:marble1 - 9
chisel:marble2 - 0
chisel:marble2 - 1
chisel:marble2 - 2
chisel:marble2 - 3
chisel:marble2 - 4
chisel:marble2 - 5
chisel:marble2 - 6
chisel:marble2 - 7
chisel:marblepillar - 0
chisel:marblepillar - 1
chisel:marblepillar - 2
chisel:marblepillar - 3
chisel:marblepillar - 4
chisel:marblepillar - 5
chisel:marblepillar - 6
chisel:marblepillar - 7
chisel:marblepillar - 8
chisel:marblepillar - 9
chisel:marblepillar - 10
chisel:marblepillar - 11
chisel:marblepillar - 12
chisel:marblepillar - 13
chisel:marblepillar - 14
chisel:marblepillar - 15


stoneMarblePolished
chisel:marble - 0
chisel:marble - 1
chisel:marble - 2
chisel:marble - 3
chisel:marble - 4
chisel:marble - 5
chisel:marble - 6
chisel:marble - 7
chisel:marble - 8
chisel:marble - 9
chisel:marble - 10
chisel:marble - 11
chisel:marble - 12
chisel:marble - 13
chisel:marble - 14
chisel:marble - 15
chisel:marble1 - 0
chisel:marble1 - 1
chisel:marble1 - 2
chisel:marble1 - 3
chisel:marble1 - 4
chisel:marble1 - 5
chisel:marble1 - 6
chisel:marble1 - 7
chisel:marble1 - 8
chisel:marble1 - 9
chisel:marble2 - 0
chisel:marble2 - 1
chisel:marble2 - 2
chisel:marble2 - 3
chisel:marble2 - 4
chisel:marble2 - 5
chisel:marble2 - 6
chisel:marble2 - 7
chisel:marblepillar - 0
chisel:marblepillar - 1
chisel:marblepillar - 2
chisel:marblepillar - 3
chisel:marblepillar - 4
chisel:marblepillar - 5
chisel:marblepillar - 6
chisel:marblepillar - 7
chisel:marblepillar - 8
chisel:marblepillar - 9
chisel:marblepillar - 10
chisel:marblepillar - 11
chisel:marblepillar - 12
chisel:marblepillar - 13
chisel:marblepillar - 14
chisel:marblepillar - 15


stoneNether
primal:nether_stone - any


stoneNight
primal:night_stone - any


stoneOrtho
primal:ortho_stone - any


stonePorphyry
primal:porphyry_stone - any


stonePurpurite
primal:purpurite_stone - any


stoneSarsen
primal:sarsen_stone - any


stoneSchist
primal:schist_green_stone - any
primal:schist_blue_stone - any


stoneSchistBlue
primal:schist_blue_stone - any


stoneSchistGreen
primal:schist_green_stone - any


stoneScoria
primal:scoria_stone - any


storagecrate
primal:storage_crate - any


strandIron
primal:iron_strand - 0


string
minecraft:string - 0
primal_tech:twine - 0


stripLeather
primal:leather_strip - 0


strippedAcacia
primal:logs_stripped - 4


strippedBirch
primal:logs_stripped - 2


strippedCorypha
primal:corypha_stalk - 1


strippedDarkOak
primal:logs_stripped - 5


strippedIronwood
primal:logs_stripped - 6


strippedJungle
primal:logs_stripped - 3


strippedNormal
primal:logs_stripped - 0
primal:logs_stripped - 1
primal:logs_stripped - 2
primal:logs_stripped - 3
primal:logs_stripped - 4
primal:logs_stripped - 5


strippedOak
primal:logs_stripped - 0


strippedSpecial
primal:logs_stripped - 6
primal:logs_stripped - 7


strippedSpruce
primal:logs_stripped - 1


strippedYew
primal:logs_stripped - 7


sugarcane
minecraft:reeds - 0


tallow
primal:tallow - 0


thatchCinis
primal:thatch_nether - any


thatchNormal
primal:thatch - any


thatchWet
primal:thatch_wet - any


thatchingDry
primal:daucus_murn_fronds_withered - 0
primal:thatching_dry - 0


thatchingMaterial
primal:rush_stems - 0


thatchingMaterialBasic


thatchingNether
primal:thatching_nether - 0


thatchingWet
primal:thatching_wet - 0


thinAcacia
primal:thin_slab_acacia - any


thinBirch
primal:thin_slab_birch - any


thinCorypha
primal:thin_slab_corypha - any


thinDarkOak
primal:thin_slab_bigoak - any


thinGlass
primal:thin_slab_glass - any
primal:thin_slab_soulglass - any


thinIronwood
primal:thin_slab_ironwood - any


thinJungle
primal:thin_slab_jungle - any


thinLacquer
primal:thin_slab_lacquer - any


thinLacquerNormal
primal:thin_slab_lacquer - any


thinOak
primal:thin_slab_oak - any


thinSpruce
primal:thin_slab_spruce - any


thinThatch
primal:thin_slab_thatch - any


thinWood
primal:thin_slab_acacia - any
primal:thin_slab_bigoak - any
primal:thin_slab_birch - any
primal:thin_slab_oak - any
primal:thin_slab_jungle - any
primal:thin_slab_spruce - any
primal:thin_slab_ironwood - any
primal:thin_slab_corypha - any
primal:thin_slab_lacquer - any
primal:thin_slab_yew - any


thinYew
primal:thin_slab_yew - any


tinder
primal:nether_tinder - 0
primal:plant_tinder - 0


toolAxe
primal:bone_hatchet - any
primal:flint_hatchet - any
primal:quartz_hatchet - any
primal:obsidian_hatchet - any
primal:opal_hatchet - any
primal:emerald_hatchet - any
primal:diamond_hatchet - any
primal:flint_axe - any
primal:quartz_axe - any
primal:obsidian_axe - any
primal:opal_axe - any
primal:emerald_axe - any
primal:diamond_axe - any


toolAxeDiamond
primal:diamond_axe - 0


toolAxeEmerald
primal:emerald_axe - 0


toolAxeFlint
primal:flint_axe - 0


toolAxeObsidian
primal:obsidian_axe - 0


toolAxeOpal
primal:opal_axe - 0


toolAxeQuartz
primal:quartz_axe - 0


toolClippers
primal:quartz_clippers - any
primal:iron_clippers - any


toolFirebow
primal:fire_bow - 0
primal:fire_bow - any


toolForgeHammer


toolGallagher
primal:stone_gallagher - any
primal:nether_gallagher - any
primal:quartz_gallagher - any
primal:iron_gallagher - any


toolHammer
primal:stone_gallagher - any
primal:nether_gallagher - any
primal:quartz_gallagher - any
primal:iron_gallagher - any


toolHatchet
primal:bone_hatchet - 0
primal:flint_hatchet - 0
primal:quartz_hatchet - 0
primal:obsidian_hatchet - 0
primal:opal_hatchet - 0
primal:emerald_hatchet - 0
primal:diamond_hatchet - 0


toolHatchetBone
primal:bone_hatchet - 0


toolHatchetDiamond
primal:diamond_hatchet - 0


toolHatchetEmerald
primal:emerald_hatchet - 0


toolHatchetFlint
primal:flint_hatchet - 0


toolHatchetObsidian
primal:obsidian_hatchet - 0


toolHatchetOpal
primal:opal_hatchet - 0


toolHatchetQuartz
primal:quartz_hatchet - 0


toolMallet
primal:stone_gallagher - any
primal:nether_gallagher - any
primal:quartz_gallagher - any
primal:iron_gallagher - any


toolMalletMetal
forgecraft:coppersledgehammer - any
forgecraft:bronzesledgehammer - any
forgecraft:ironsledgehammer - any
forgecraft:cleanironsledgehammer - any
forgecraft:steelsledgehammer - any
forgecraft:wootzsledgehammer - any
primal:quartz_gallagher - any
primal:iron_gallagher - any


toolMalletStone
primal:stone_gallagher - any
primal:nether_gallagher - any
primal:quartz_gallagher - any
primal:iron_gallagher - any


toolSaw
primal:bone_saw - 0
primal:flint_saw - 0
primal:iron_saw - 0
primal:quartz_saw - 0
primal:copper_saw - 0
primal:diamond_saw - 0
primal:emerald_saw - 0
primal:obsidian_saw - 0


toolSawFlint
primal:bone_saw - any
primal:flint_saw - any


toolSawGem
primal:diamond_saw - any
primal:emerald_saw - any
primal:obsidian_saw - any


toolSawMetal
primal:iron_saw - any
primal:quartz_saw - any
primal:copper_saw - any


toolShears
primal:bone_shears - any
primal:flint_shears - any
primal:quartz_shears - any


toolSkillet
mod_lavacow:moltenpan - 0


toolWorkBlade
forgecraft:wootzworkblade - any
primal:flint_workblade - any
primal:quartz_workblade - any
primal:iron_workblade - any
primal:obsidian_workblade - any
primal:opal_workblade - any
primal:emerald_workblade - any
primal:diamond_workblade - any


toolWorkBladeDiamond
primal:diamond_workblade - any


toolWorkBladeEmerald
primal:emerald_workblade - any


toolWorkBladeOpal
primal:opal_workblade - any


torch
minecraft:torch - 0
primal:torch_nether_lit - 0
primal:ignis_fatuus - any


torchLitNether
primal:torch_nether_lit - 0


torchUnlit


treeLeaves
minecraft:leaves - any
minecraft:leaves2 - any
pvj:leaves_willow - 0
pvj:leaves_mangrove - 0
pvj:leaves_palm - 0
pvj:leaves_redwood - 0
pvj:leaves_fir - 0
pvj:leaves_pine - 0
pvj:leaves_aspen - 0
pvj:leaves_red_maple - 0
pvj:leaves_orange_maple - 0
pvj:leaves_baobab - 0
pvj:leaves_cottonwood - 0
pvj:leaves_juniper - 0
pvj:leaves_juniper_berried - 0
pvj:leaves_white_cherry_blossom - 0
pvj:leaves_pink_cherry_blossom - 0
pvj:leaves_jacaranda - 0


treeSapling
minecraft:sapling - any
primal:sapling - any
dynamictrees:oakseed - 0
dynamictrees:spruceseed - 0
dynamictrees:birchseed - 0
dynamictrees:jungleseed - 0
dynamictrees:acaciaseed - 0
dynamictrees:darkoakseed - 0
pvj:sapling_willow - 0
pvj:sapling_mangrove - 0
pvj:sapling_palm - 0
pvj:sapling_redwood - 0
pvj:sapling_fir - 0
pvj:sapling_pine - 0
pvj:sapling_aspen - 0
pvj:sapling_red_maple - 0
pvj:sapling_orange_maple - 0
pvj:sapling_baobab - 0
pvj:sapling_cottonwood - 0
pvj:sapling_juniper - 0
pvj:sapling_juniper_berried - 0
pvj:sapling_white_cherry_blossom - 0
pvj:sapling_pink_cherry_blossom - 0
pvj:sapling_jacaranda - 0


twigs
pvj:willow_twigs - 0
pvj:mangrove_twigs - 0
pvj:palm_twigs - 0
pvj:redwood_twigs - 0
pvj:fir_twigs - 0
pvj:pine_twigs - 0
pvj:aspen_twigs - 0
pvj:red_maple_twigs - 0
pvj:orange_maple_twigs - 0
pvj:baobab_twigs - 0
pvj:cottonwood_twigs - 0
pvj:juniper_twigs - 0
pvj:juniper_berried_twigs - 0
pvj:white_cherry_blossom_twigs - 0
pvj:pink_cherry_blossom_twigs - 0
pvj:jacaranda_twigs - 0
pvj:acacia_twigs - 0
pvj:birch_twigs - 0
pvj:dark_oak_twigs - 0
pvj:spruce_twigs - 0
pvj:oak_twigs - 0
pvj:jungle_twigs - 0


vine
minecraft:vine - 0


wool
minecraft:wool - any
primal:ovis_atre_wool - 0


woolBlack
minecraft:wool - 15


woolBlue
minecraft:wool - 11


woolBrown
minecraft:wool - 12


woolCyan
minecraft:wool - 9


woolGray
minecraft:wool - 7


woolGreen
minecraft:wool - 13


woolLightBlue
minecraft:wool - 3


woolLightGray
minecraft:wool - 8


woolLime
minecraft:wool - 5


woolMagenta
minecraft:wool - 2


woolOrange
minecraft:wool - 1


woolOvisAtre
primal:ovis_atre_wool - 0


woolPink
minecraft:wool - 6


woolPurple
minecraft:wool - 10


woolRed
minecraft:wool - 14


woolWhite
minecraft:wool - 0


woolYellow
minecraft:wool - 4


workbench
minecraft:crafting_table - 0
primal:worktable_slab - any
primal:worktable_shelf - any


worktableShelf
primal:worktable_shelf - any


worktableSlab
primal:worktable_slab - any


